["      I love these so much, I am going to buy a second pair to stash away for when this pair wears out in case I can't find them again. After minimal breaking in (around the house and on paved streets in my neighborhood), I wore them on a 5 week trip where we hiked every single day. No blisters, sore spots, foot odor, or especially important, no sore knees at the end of the day! I'm 46 and have had some previous knee issues so I've found my footwear makes a big difference. We were hiking in mostly cool, arid conditions in Texas, Arizona, and New Mexico. The majority of the hikes were in the 'moderate-to-difficult' category, averaging 5 miles in length, but ranging from 3-15. I especially felt they protected my toes and soles well when hiking on loose, rocky terrain. I wore Darn Tough wool hiking socks, and sneakers in between hikes at camp and in the car. After returning home a month ago, I started wearing these boots for my daily walk (3 miles on pavement, presently covered with ice and snow). They've been terrific, gripping the ice well and keeping my feet warm and dry. They are still in great shape.  I feel they do have a bit of a narrow fit, which works for my foot shape but others may want to consider trying the Wide version if this is an issue. Strongly recommend!    ","      Ich habe sehr spontan für unseren Skiurlaub ein paar Wanderschuhe gesucht. Natürlich sollten diese wasser- und schneedicht sein. Nach längerer Recherche bin ich auf die Schuhe von Columbia gestoßen. Da ich zwar regelmäßig, aber auch nicht ständig im Winter wandern gehe, war der Preis ebenfalls ein nicht unwesentlicher Faktor bei meiner Entscheidung. Die Schuhe waren mit Prime innerhalb eines Tage bei mir - somit noch pünktlich zur Abreise.Grundsätzlich habe ich eher empfindliche Füße, aber bereits beim ersten Tragen der Schuhe habe ich gemerkt, dass die Schuhe sehr bequem sind und ausnahmsweise keine unangenehmen Druckstellen haben. Zum Wandern sind sie stabil und komfortabel - und eben preislich wirklich attraktiv. Auch wasser-und schneedicht waren sie. Ich bin einen ganzen Tag gewandert und habe anschließend noch eine Schlittenabfahrt hinter mich gebracht und meine Füße waren immernoch warm und trocken. Lediglich oben in die Schuhe ist mir etwas Schnee beim Rodeln gekommen. Je nach Aktivität, die man plant, wäre es also sinnvoll etwas höhere Stiefelchen mitzunehmen. Aber das muss jeder für sich selbst entscheiden.Ich kann die Schuhe wärmstens empfehlen. Ob es jetzt die absoluten Profi-Winterwanderschuhe sind, kann ich nicht beurteilen. Aber das kann man denke ich bei dem Preis auch nicht erwarten.    ","      I normally wear a 7.5 or 8 and the 8 was just too narrow for me. The shoe is pretty comfortable and the back of my heels don’t rub, but I noticed a bit of pain in the bottom of my heel so I wanted to put a gel insert in it. With a pair of smart wool socks and a very thin gel insert, the 8 was way too small. Even without the gel insert and just the smart wool socks, it was still too narrow for my comfort, especially when it came to my toes. For reference, my toe width is about 3.8cm, so if your feet are that wide or wider, definitely size up and or get the wide version.I reordered an 8.5 wide since these didn’t fit, and I’ll probably update this review those come in.UPDATE 04-03-2023:The 8.5 wide came in and they fit perfect with the smart wool socks and a gel insert! (It’s a cheap AirPlus super gel insole if anyone was wondering). I personally like them with the insert since the sole is somewhat stiff. The one thing I am concerned about is how water proof this pair will be. It looks like they didn’t widen the tongue of the shoe along with the sole, so I’m not sure how well it will do at keeping water out. I have a camping trip in the next few days and I will update afterwards on how they held up.    ","      Las botas son Super cómodas, si se resbalas un poquito en lugares mojados pero fuera de eso dan un soporte para los tobillos impresionante. Yo siempre tengo problema con torceduras y con estas botas ya no tengo que preocuparme de eso! La talla me quedó tal cual. La tabla de tallas. Me gusta que además son super bonitas, le quedan a todo! Las he usado en bosque, Cascadas, ciudad y no me han quedado mal ni una vez!    ","      I usually wear a 7 for sneakers (6.5 for heels), and have a normal to high arch with neutral alignment.Bought these in a 7 after reading reviews and immediately wore them to hike in the Saguaro National Park without any blisters or rubbing. Also hiked the Grand Canyon two weeks later with microspikes over these and was extremely happy with how rugged but lightweight they were.I tried some VERY expensive Danner/Oboz boots in REI and these felt a million times more comfortable, even though I honestly wanted the others just for appearance.I usually hike mountains in sneakers but needed something warm, so feeling like my ankle wasn’t locked in place was a must. They’re supportive but flexible and I’m really happy I went with these, already helped make some great memories!    ","      Wow. I’m properly impressed. I’m an 8.5 in heels and a 9 in boots. But given these are deemed hiking boots I was wary that a 9 would be too tight. To my pleasant surprise, they are very adjustable with an appropriate amount of space around the toe area. Not too small not too big. Just right. I know I could wear thick socks or two pairs and still have a comfortable fit. As far as quality, out of the box they seem nice, light, not sure if light is a good thing with hiking boots, but seems good. Arch for an average foot is comfy. If you have high arches you will likely need an insert. Color combo (black with red laces) is cool.    ","      These are the most comfortable boots. I could wear them from day one, didn't take anything, if at all, to break them in. I've worn them in muddy, wet weather -- and no leaking. Definitely recommend. They also fit my orthotic inserts.    ","      muy buen material    ","      I have never tried wide version of any shoes before but I found this shoes to be too narrow at the sides. Length fits me just fine with little bit room to wiggle but the side just suffocates my foot. Since feet will expand in long hikes I assume it will hurt my foot if I use this so I just sold it to my cousin whose feet is one size smaller than mine. Now I am debating if I should get the wide version or if I will get the half size up    ","      These boots were perfect. Fit as expected. Went right to hiking 6.5 miles the first time I wore them. 1700 foot elevation gain/loss out/back trail - really tested the fit and support. Kept my feet dry. Provided great ankle support. Hiked 10.7 miles total last week. 1 blister on 1.5 mile “wimpy hike” compared to first day and I really think it was more the socks. Wear snug boot socks not just any long sock. 2 out of 3 of us had these boots. We loved them. We don’t hike enough to warrant spending $$.    ","      I sized up a half size. Most comfortable boots ever. I volunteer to build houses and these boots are comfortable, supportive and keep feet a perfect temp (didn't sweat or get cold). Loved so much, bought a second pair.    ","      I recently purchased these hiking boots and I have to say, I'm thoroughly impressed with their performance. These boots are not only comfortable to wear, but they also provide excellent support and protection on the trails.I highly recommend these hiking boots to anyone looking for a light, comfortable and reliable pair of hiking boots. They are well-made, durable, and provide excellent support and protection on the trails.    ","      So I tried on the boots and they fit perfect.  The quality is great.  I will let you know after the hike if they kept me from falling!    ","      These boots are really nice. They really grab the ground well so you don't slip, the red is very contrasting to the black, and they are comfortable. I did get a blister on my pinky toe the 1st 2 days I wore them but that was because I did not break them in slowly. I went right into two 9 hour days with them.  The soul is comfortable and I like how they lace up high so they stabilize the ankle if you wanted. They are also waterproof And warm enough for the Winter but not too warm. They fit me the same as my other Columbia boots so I'd say the size is true to fit.    ","      I needed shoes suitable for walking the dog so I ordered 4 different pairs. Low-and-behold the ones I liked were the most expensive but wow these are worth every penny.They are super comfortable (no need to break them in either) and have kept my feet warm (with 1 pair of socks) & dry (in rain & snow).I would prefer a bit more grip in them (in the snow/ice so maybe I’m asking too much) & the laces didn’t last very long but these are tiny details for a shoe I enjoy so much.    ","      I love everything about this boot....very very comfortable...and VERY durable! i really put these to the test on my first trip out. We camped and hiked for 5 days...it was very wet weather..i tromped through water and mud with these and kept my feet perfectly dry.  We hiked through a forest burn area and waded through waist deep thick brush that was burnt...destroyed my jeans lol my boots were covered  in scratches and soot i thought i ruined them. i wiped them off with a damp cloth and they literally looked like when i first put them on. Beyond impressed with how these perform    ","      Good shoe but...the insole is very hard so you will need to buy extra insoles that are comfortable.  There isn't any arch support as well.  I notice that when I put the extra insert into the right shoe it seems a little off.  Like a little higher than the left foot (also has insert) Over all it's nice shoe though.  I normally wear an 8 ordered 8.5  I use them for work and they get the job done.    ","      I got the dark brown style and I was so happy with them, they look great from the start, haven’t hiked in them yet but I’ll update when I do but they were very comfy when I tried them on!    ","      I ordered this boots for my trip to Alaska.  I went ahead wearing them to break in them before I go on my trip in the summer. They felt comfortable to walk in.    ","      Siempre me gustó esta marca. Los botines son de calidad y cómodos.  Los recomiendo    ","      Broke in these hiking boots on a 6 mile hike, and I got 0 blisters and felt like I had great ankle support the entire time. The hike was in the snow and my feet stayed warm and dry the entire time. 100000/10 recommend these shoes    ","      Bought these boots to go hiking at zion National Park, they fit well and were comfortable. It was muddy and there was ice on the ground but these boots kept my feet dry and me stable on thecground    ","      These are great! Completely waterproof and didn't hurt my feet after Hiking  Zion in slush and snow.    ","      I figured I would have to break these in for a little while before they would be truly comfortable. I was wrong. I put them on and just walked around outside for a while. Not really hiking yet but did some serious walking around. Kept my feet warm and didn’t have any pain at all or discomfort. Highly recommend.    ","      Love this hiking shoe! Durable, comfortable, and very stable. Easy to clean. Very good value.    ","      Son muy cómodos, tienen buen agarre👍🏼    ","      Me encantaron, muy cómodas. Recomiendo comprar medio número por encima del real.    ","      I had no problem love the pickup.  Everything went great.    ","      No break in required, but I had to try a few different pairs of socks before finding ones that didn’t rub at the seam. Glad I figured that out before the big hike.    ","      I'm just starting to hike so I didn't want to spend too much on boots.  These are great so far on medium grade hikes and definitely waterproof.  My ankle tends to roll and sprain easily when stepping on uneven surfaces which is one reason I've been hesitant to hike but these give a really good grip and they're making me more confident.    ","      I love these boots. I’m going to buy them again. Great for flat feet with orthotics.    ","      I returned the product.    ","      Strong and tough for hiking. I love them! Perfect fit. I picked size 9 because that is my regular size on all my shoes and they fit perfect!    ","      I bought these waterproof boots for my job shovelling horse manure. I also have plantar fascitis and these shoes are so comfortable, and yes, they are waterproof. Unsure how well they will hold up, my job ruins shoes in a matter of months.    ","      just a bit too narrow. cannot wear heavy socks with them    ","      The first pair of these I got were not fully waterproof but I ordered a replacement and my issue was solved! Stylish, comfy enough- I might add an insole.    ","      After adding a sole insert and wearing thick socks they fit well. Hope to wear on vacation this early summer.    ","      Great fit. Waterproof just how I needed them to be!    ","      The best boots. Through all the mud my feet stayed dry and clean    ","      Great fitting! Good price. Great quality! Fast shipping! Happy with my purchase and would buy again!    ","      Comodissime, leggere, usate per camminate in montagna con la neve il giorno stesso che le ho comprate e non ho avuto nessun problema o dolore ai piedi. Impermeabili. Ottimo acquisto. Stra raccomandate    ","      These shoes are more than I expected them to be! I ordered my normal size, 8.5 and they are a true fit and extremely comfortable! As soon as I put them on, I felt like I was ready to get outside and out them to use. The grips on the bottom feel great.    ","      I love these. Definitely would recommend    ","      I bought these to hike in Costa Rica. So happy I did because they provided great support, kept my feet dry, and allowed me to comfortably navigate the terrain.    ","      Needed something quickly due to waterproof winter shoes destroyed by apartment mouse. Priced well for what you get.    ","      I loved climbing in them they had amazing grip also lasted my 10 mile hike up this canyon.    ","      Overall great boot.  But will need to buy an insole since this one is so hard.    ","      Un Excelente Producto.    ","      Me quedaron perfectas , las use para escalar la montaña mas alta de mi pais , ni se sienten en los pies de tan comodas.    ","      Quality    ","      My first ever pair of hiking shoe and they’re true to size. I used them for the first time during a small 2 mile hike and my feet didn’t hurt and I didn’t feel cramped! Way cuter in person as well! Definitely recommend them!    ","      I splurged and bought these before a trip to Europe, with it being December-January I needed something comfortable and waterproof as I was going to be walking a lot and Europe knows how to let the weather rip. These are the best shoes I have ever purchased! Reliable, very cute, easy to put on and take off, and my feet stayed dry the entire time! I didn't break them in prior to my trip, but that was perfectly fine as they were comfortable immediately. Once I wore them more and they were broken in, I decided I will be investing in insoles as my feet did start to get a bit achey. I think that also had to do with the distance I was walking, though I would like to get more miles in these babies without feeling any pain. I really don't have any negatives to say about these, each time I put them on I was reminded why I love them so much and how I made such a good call in buying them. I have done nothing but rave about these shoes since purchasing!    ","      It was soo comfortable    ","      Whether it's walking outside in the winter through slush or hiking on the trails, these versatile shoes are the perfect fit for your outdoor needs!    ","      Comfy right out of the box! True to size. If you don’t care for the insole, try inserting your own insoles or consider wearing thicker, cushy socks. Would definitely recommend these hiking boots!    ","      I bought these boots to take to Alaska on the land and sea vacation.  The trip isn't until July so I just wear them around to make sure they are comfortable.  More to come in August. 😀    ","      Perfect fit and feel great on my feet! Love them!    ","      I knew that Columbia boots fit perfectly and is a great quality! I was able to take this new pair out of the box and immediately start hiking comfortably! Waterproof and the right price!    ","      Chaussures une demi pointure en trop par rapport aux habituelles,    ","      I've had these boots for 3 years and so far they are the only boots I've ever hiked in. I do plan to upgrade to other boots soon but these are great entry level boots.They are water resistant in my experience, not waterproof. Stepping in one big puddle of water will be fine. Slogging through several puddles will eventually cause your socks to get damp.I think the grip or traction is ok for dry weather. Wet rocks and vertical scrambles on wet rocks is fine. However tree roots or slick logs - traction is poor for me. Icy trails will win against the boots. I fell down several times trying to walk on ice in these. Not the boots fault, I wasn't wearing ice spikes. Just don't wear them in winter weather.There are no signs of the boot peeling open or falling apart which is great.One negative is that the upper tongue portion becomes floppy and loose during hiking. Lacing up the boots tighter doesn't help because the tie sort of slides down under the label leaving an inch or so closest to your ankle free to move and loosen, causing the boot to not feel secure on the foot.    ","      Excellent rapport Qualité/Prix.De vrais chaussons !Je recommande ces chaussures.    ","      Great ankle support. Wide show as well which I love. Helps make feet less sore after a long hike lolAfter 2 years of heavy use, they're beginning to come apart at the toe and a little stiff. Still waterproof though, so I'll keep using them on shorter hikes. Too stiff to be comfortable for all day hikes or backpacking at this pointI did buy new inserts to add some more support because the original inserts didn't have the best support    ","      Great hiking shoes ! It's been 4 years already and I'm still using them!    ","      These hikers are waterproof and very comfortable. Traction not great but good for everyday hiking.    ","      Exactly as the photo, comfortable, true to size. Love them!    ","      I needed a lightweight boot that could withhold heavy WNS decontamination protocols after use. These shoes are used and abused and withhold well. The are lightweight and have great traction, however they are not the most comfortable so if you’re wanted a comfy hiking shoe this might not be the one. It’s perfectly comfortable for the 1-3 hours I wear them at a time. Highly suggest, especially for the price    ","      Hands down my favorite hiking boots. I wear them to work and they provide the right arch and ankle support. I haven't put in any inliners and it seems like I won't need to.    ","      Shoes fit perfect… so comfy first time out was hiking in the snow in Sequoia and they kept my feet dry. No blisters or discomfort at all the whole time! Definitely recommend    ","      They are so comfortable and looked great!    ","      Comfortable right out the box. it's a good looking shoe not bulky    ","      I purchased three different hiking boots and these were by far the most comfortable ones. I purchased .5 size bigger and they fit perfectly. Normally a 7 and purchased a 7.5. They grip well and weren’t heavy. This style was cheaper then the other two I had purchased and were of great quality. Would purchase again. Received a lot of compliments for hiking shoes.    ","      Very comfortable right out of the box. Very cushiony insoles Feels like I'm wearing house shoes. I haven't worn these outside, so I don't know how waterproof they will be.    ","      10000000% recommend. So comfy! While everyone around me was slipping these did not! Recommend!!!    ","      Muy comodas, si las recomiendo un poco amplias perdir numero habitual    ","      I bought a pair in 2019 and am now ordering a second pair. I’ve hiked about 500 miles (and walked even more) in these replacing the insoles 3 times. I do prefer a better insole than what comes with the shoe. I’ve done a 17 mile hike (in one day), climbed mountains, and have done lots of rainy weather hikes. These shoes are just now getting slippery due to tread wearing down. The stitching has held up beautifully and while not waterproof if I fully submerge my foot, I’ve done enough sloshing through wet areas to know that my feet will stay dry as long as I don’t get the tongue area soaked.Here’s hoping the manufacturer has keep the same standards these last few years. I used to be a total Keens fan, but once I noticed that the shoes were wearing out a lot quicker, made the switch. Very glad I did.    ","      These are super comfy, I would recommend sizing up half a size. I live in cold Minnesota and they keep my feet very warm, But I do slip on ice here and there.    ","      Broke these in on a muddy, melty hike and my feet stayed dry and warm and the boots were comfortable the whole day.  Great boots, especially for the cost.    ","      Really lightweight, waterproof, hiking boot, very comfortable, my wife is very happy and satisfied.  Keeps the foot dry during heavy rain, this is very important.    ","      I really am happy with these boots. They are so comfortable. Went through creeks and didn’t get a bit wet. I have a very hard time finding comfortable hiking boots but, these are 5 stars!    ","      They were exactly what I was looking for!    ","      So happy with this purchase: the boots are super comfortable, lightweight, warm and waterproof- tried and tested by long walks and a cold and rainy Scotch weather. Highly recommended. I’d recommend to order 1 size larger than your current size    ","      Have had these shoes for about 4 years now. Still sturdy! I have walked with it through puddles and water canyons and stays dry! Just don't walk through ankle deep waters lol. I I have normal arch type of footing and have walked miles in these shoes and these are the only shoes I have ever owned to not cause back strain or hip strain. The only thing I wish didn't happen so often is it getting untied. But that might just be user error and I'm not tying it correctly. haha    ","      These my 2nd pair of the exact same boots from here. It’s so comfortable and amazing. I wore it in every kind of condition (rain, snow, sand, mud…etc) for a year every single day eventually worn it out. I will continue to buy them! Highly recommended.    ","      Very good winter hiking boot    ","      Well I’ve been trying to upload a picture for the past 10 minutes so I can show y’all how amazing these boots really are with my hiking adventures but Amazon doesn’t want to let me upload a photo so onto the review. I’m a pretty avid hiker and so I’ve been looking for a really good sturdy pair of boots to hiking and I came across these because first of all they have really good reviews and second of all the color combo of red and black was my favorite so I went ahead and bought them and recently went to Pedernales Falls State Park in Austin Texas and WOWZA!! Not only are these things very comfortable but they are waterproof. Well of course they’re waterproof up until the water goes up and over your ankles and into your shoes. Lol. So if you ever make the mistake that I did by thinking that the water wasn’t that deep and then you end up stepping into a hole and water goes all into your shoe don’t you worry a thing. We walked over to a rock took off our shoes and socks to let them dry out and of course we had a towel with us so we took the towel to squeeze the inside of the shoes out and within 15 minutes our boots and wool socks were practically dry!!! I have never had a hiking boot to get submerged in water and then once I’ve squeezed all the water out of it I was able to put these boots back on within 15 minutes just taking a break letting them dry and there was no slashing or anything and we hiked for another 2 hours in those boots! My daughter has a another pair of the same boots in a different color scheme and we were blown away about how quickly these dry. We even kept bringing it up how amazing it was they dried SOOOOOOOOO fast! I highly recommend these boots!!! Wearing these for our spring break trip to The Grand Canyon! We’ve also worn them across the DFW Texas area and all the state parks out there and we’ve had zero issues with them! Get your pair now!! Lol.    ","      I love these boots. I was skeptical about the other reviews saying the fit was right and there was no need to break in the boots, but its true! I've been wearing them at least twice a day, everyday since I got them.I take the dog for long ocean side walks, going in and out of tide pools, creeks, puddles, and mucky mud, and these boot have been perfect. My feet stay dry, the mud wipes off the uppers, and the tread is solid so my footing is stable even on the rockiest shore.In the summer I do a lot of mountain hikes and I think these would hold up to that use as well. They're probably not up to the demands of more technical mountaineering, but for day hikes they are great.I would definitely recommend these to anyone wanting a comfortable, waterproof daily walking/hiking boot. I'll probably buy a second pair in a fashion colour for the summer :)    ","      These are comfy off the box, no need to break in and are a gorgeous brown! The toe box and the width is a bit narrow, my feet are regular but i would be more comfortable if i got a wide. I could work with this though so i’m not returning it, still comfy enough! The insoles are removable so you can easily change the insoles if you’d want more arch support. Great purchase! They look so durable and i’m sure these will last me years!    ","      I bought these for my walks. They are fairly comfortable. Look okay. They are not leather they are a plastic outer material. Winter here is usually anywhere from 20 degrees to 40 degrees. The plastic outer gets cold and since they are unline, even two pairs of socks don't keep my feet warm. These might be good for spring or summer but no way for cold winter walking. Next year I will be looking for a better and warmer walking boot.    ","      I love hiking and I live in the rugged Appalachian mountains. I deal with steep grades, uneven ground, rocks, brush, and sometimes deep mud. These boots survive all of that and do well. The only issue is toe boxing, which can sometimes really pinch when walking uphill. These are nice otherwise.    ","      Pedí medio número más grande y considero que tengo pie ni tan delgado ni ancho. Sin embargo sí las siento bastantes justas. No me atreví a usarlas porque tan solo al ponermelas ya siebtobque me aprietan    ","      True to size! Perfect for my hiking trip!    ","      I will always love these boots. Waterproof, comfortable and alway fit!    ","      Amazon suggested to buy 7.5 which is too loose. I normally wear 6.5 to 7. I'm returning and getting the 7.    ","      Bought these boots in a size 6.5. They fit perfectly, true to size, and extremely comfortable for all day wear. Highly recommended.    ","      This boot is so cozy and definitely cute. My favorite everyday look cute boot. Lol    ","      Light weight and easy to walk in. Fit snug to size.    ","      Mis botas preferidas para caminar todo el día.    ","      These are best hiking boots I have ever worn.  They are so comfortable.    ","      The reviews on these r very mixed some ppl love them and others dont, but seems like its the same with with every other boot as well, so I chose these cuz awesome price and they dont  look not so hideously ugly. I usally wear 6 - 6 1/2 so I bought the 6 1/2 in these and they fit perfect. I wore them all day to break them in a bit and see how long til they botherd my feet and wear they would hurt at, shoes in general will usually start to hurt within a few hours and I have to change shoes. These are super comfy nice cushioning on the bottom of feet and no rub on my pinky toes or big toe. One common complait I read for many ppl was the \"box toe\" and the crease rub was tough on the big toe or toes, I did not have any rubbing tho i could feel the crease touch my toe it did not rub or hurt. The ankles and tongue are very padded, the marteral is soft there is nothing hard or rough no pain was involved i had on short socks there was nothing between the boot and my skin. I dont think I have anything to worry about on the dirt trail these boots are super comforting and supportive on my feet, I love them and the price on Amazon is great 👍 im thinking I will buy another pair in a diffrent color.    ","      Very nice but not for wide feet    ","      It is warm, comfortable and well supported. I also tried in heavy rain as half hour walking and still part of shoes are dry. The rest are wet as water goes down from my jeans. So i can not complain about that.    ","      Like the boots fit perfectly,  very satisfied, thankyou    ","      È il secondo paio di scarpe Columbia che compro, sono davvero valide.L'unica cosa la tabella taglie è sbagliata.Seguendo la guida la prima volta avevo comprato un 43 ma si è rivelato essere un 29 cm e non 28cm che invece corrisponde al 42.Se volete un consiglio usate la taglia americana. È molto più affidabile    ","      They fit perfect, true to size and super comfy. Read tons of great reviews and the shoes definitely exceeded my expectations they are the best shoes I’ve ever owned, I can’t wait to start hiking again.    ","      Bought these because my Bear Paw hiking boots were not doing the trick. I love these boots. I wore them in Iceland, doing plenty of difficult hikes and very wet hikes. I walked through a river of water and my feet didn't get wet, until the water went over my ankles. I'd say that's waterproof alright. I will reccomend these to anyone and will be wearing them for all my hikes.    ","      Botas muy cómodas, ligeras y presentables! Cubre el talón a la perfección!    ","      Der Schuh ist bequem und robust. Nur leider ist die Innensohle kleiner als der Schuh. Ich würde mich freuen wenn Sie mir die passende Innensohle Grösse 39,5 noch kostenlos nachsenden würden. Vielen Dank schon Mal.    ","      Thanks to amazon, it was such a bargain for a quality product. It looks tough and durable, I can't wait to test it in harsh conditions. Although it is rigid, it is also very comfy. However, it would be better if the material were genuine leather. 9/10    ","      These boots are waterproof and highly functional,  great for my ankles. I wear them with skirts look so cute.    ","      Ces chaussures sont légères, parfaites pour la marche. Elles sont aussi imperméables, très bon achat!    ","      No padding for support or comfort inside. They are hard inside. Disappointing!    ","      Excellente chaussure de marche.Très confortable et légère. Grip assuré en temps humide.Prix correcte vie la qualité du produit.Chaussant du 38, j'ai prix une taille au dessus.    ","      These Columbia Newton Ridge boots were purchased for my daughterBoots are well made, have decent traction qualities, and are durable. My wife has had these same boots for several years and although she wears them mainly during the winter, her boots still look like new, practically no wear at all.    ","      These boots fit comfortably.  I did not have to break them in.  I did \"light\" hiking in them over several days and they worked fine.  I did not wade through water but did hike in rain and my feet stay cozy and dry.I found them to be a low cost option for the nonserious hiker or tourist.    ","      I work in a factory that uses powder as part of the manufacturing process. it gets everywhere and even my food service non-slips were no match for it. I had a pair of these in red from a few years ago and started wearing them to work and they were perfect. It’s like there is no powder unless it’s a very thick layer. These are a lifesaver. Break in period is about a week but then it’s so perfect. Just make sure you’re wearing thick cotton or wool socks for better fit, as these are hiking boots designed with those socks in mind.    ","      I loved these so much I used the try and buy feature to buy them in two different colors. I bought the black and red nubuck looking ones and the gray suede looking ones. The only two downfalls are the soles wear out quickly in my opinion and I have to wear Superfeet EVERYDAY Comfort insoles in them. They make my feet look smaller and I will get lots of use out of them.    ","      As expected. Good quality    ","      Excelente calidad-precio    ","      Me facinaron! Se ven resistentes para lo que se requiere aunque solo los he usado una vez para caminar (4 km) en el parque para sentirlos ya que los compré para viajar a un lugar frío. Soy talla 3 de México y tengo el pié muy delgado y pedí 3.5 por las calcetas gruesas y los sentí cómodos.    ","      I purchased these hiking boots after reading several reviews and within days of a lot of hiking in Alaska. They arrived quickly and fit nearly perfect. I’ll add that I bought 2 pair, one for myself and daughter. We decided to go hike Byron Glacier on a very windy & rainy day. For anyone who is familiar with the trail, knows that it’s pretty easy & well maintained until you decide to climb the boulder field. Of course, we decided to climb the boulders vs staying to the left and going up along the stream to the glacier. While on the top of the boulders, I received several urgent texts messages and luckily I had reception. To keep it short, I got on a call with a family member in distress and I needed to keep them on the phone. In 40 degrees of windy & down pouring rain, I ran down the boulder field, across the rocky field back to the wet and puddled trail until I reached the parking lot. It was a blur. Once the emergency was completely addressed. I was in disbelief that I didn’t fall, break an ankle or blister my feet. These shoes held up. I need to mention that this was the first day wearing them and I went on to wear them everyday for 2 weeks straight. The grip is amazing and they fit so comfortably but are sturdy. I cannot recall a time that I slipped or twisted my ankle. I ran & stepped through puddles and thick mud and my feet stayed warm & dry. No breaking in period. Wore them for up to 10 mile hikes in a day.  I love these boots and I hope they continue to make them. I am purchasing a second pair just in case they are discontinued. If you are able to purchase these, I’d say that they are winner. Happy hiking! (boulder field to give an idea of the terrain and the actual)    ","      This shoes works very well on winter. They have a very good grip and isn’t easy to slide. The color are exactly as shown. I’m 8.5 size and I ordered a size 9, and feels so good. Maybe a smaller size couldn’t fit on me. Great quality!!!    ","      I bought these on an incredible promotion over the holidays and love them!I have 2 dogs that require a lot of walking, and I find that my walks are best when over a variety of terrain.  I also walk in all weather.  The Columbia Newton Plus boots fit my need for a light hiking boot that will keep my feet dry and comfortable.Initially, I was skeptical.  In general, I wear an 8.5 shoe if the shoe is true to fit.  So few are.  Therefore I ordered a size 9 and discovered that yes, the 9 was slightly large.  I experienced the same kind of pressure on my big toe as others here have mentioned.  I felt the boot material was stiff, and I doubted that it would ever feel comfortable.  However, by then I'd already worn the boots outside.  I figured I'd suck it up and wear thick socks.Well, fast forward about 2 weeks and what a difference!  Fast forward about 6 weeks and I feel the boot has formed more to my foot. I love the support.  The sole feels good on harder surfaces and yes, so far it seems waterproof.  I am very happy, and I hope that I can get at least 2 good seasons out of these before I walk through the tread.I would strongly recommend these to people, but be aware that they do run closer to the large side of true to size, so take that into consideration. I'd probably be able to wear an 8.5 and still have thick socks on, for example. Even with heavy socks, my foot shifts around a little bit (but doesn't rub or blister) in the 9.I also would recommend that if you use them in the summer, you use them in cooler climates.  These are fairly warm, and if you wear them in the summer in hotter areas, your feet will definitely sweat a lot.Anyway, these were a great value and I like the overall boots. Just be careful about the sizing and the conditions.Update:. Here it is, two years later and I am still happy with my purchase.  The tread is totally shot and the boot is no longer waterproof, but they did last 2 years.  I did use waterproofing spray to help lengthen the waterproofing, but this year the boot leather is cracking.  I am still wearing them, but more as my messy yardwork boots.    ","      These boots are very comfortable and so light.  I every day for dog walking in very muddy conditions for about  two hours, as well as hiking on all types of terrain.  So far the grip on wet, mossy granite has been excellent.    ","      Love the boot but, I normally ware 8 1/2 - 9. I went with the 9 to make sure it wasn’t too snug and I’m glad I did, I think 8 1/2 would have been too small. So, if you’re sometimes between sizes I would go up the 1/2 size. Highly recommend.    ","      These boots fit exactly as i had hoped.  I ordered 1/2 size larger than my standard street shoe b/c I always do with boots and sneakers.  Perfect fit.  Wore them on trails recently, right out of the box.  No breaking in was necessary.  I've had them for 4 wks. Wore on vacation and now for work (construction sites, wooded lots, etc.)  I love these.  They are my new favorite work boot.    ","      I know Columbia is a great brand but got these because they are my work colors (black & red). They are holding up great being worn everyday and have great traction. My job requires a lot of steep climbing on hillsides and working on rooftops (some with steep pitch), I will buy again when these wear out.    ","      So I didn't have much time to find a pair of hiking boots prior to me going to a hike a 14er. I got these in the mail about 3 days prior to my hike. I'll try to break down my thoughts based off others' reviews that I read that convinced me to buy but also ones that made me a little nervous.Breaking in: With three days before the hike, I was extremely nervous this would give me issues. I took it out to walk in a few miles a day to break them in but honestly, probably didn't need to. They hardly needed breaking in and I am thankful for that.\"Rubbing on big toe\" issue: I saw this come up on multiple reviews and it made me very nervous. While I only noticed a bit of rubbing on my left foot, it wasn't painful and didn't take off any skin. It was noticeable here and there but nothing major.  Since I was going on a big hike though, I did not want to take my chances and put a bit of moleskin there and was totally fine.Sizing: I read so many conflicting reviews about this but I ultimately decided to do a half size up. (Normally 6.5, ordered a 7. It worked well for me).Final verdict: I took these shoes out to hike a 14er (Quandary Peak) and they performed fabulously! We hiked for about 8 hours and they held up well! Better yet-my toes weren't killing me by the end of it. ( I did notice a bit of rubbing around the ankles a bit on the descent but I just put on a bandaid. No blisters. Also-we were hiking for a very long time so I won't fault these boots too much for that!). We did not come across any lakes so I can't speak to the waterproof-ness of these shoes.Bottom line: Yes, I recommend these hiking boots for your next hiking adventure!    ","      Great fit, no break in period, excellent value.    ","      I've been wearing these on shorter walks around town in order to 'break them in' and see how they fair before some longer hikes planned later in September.  One little negative is that they seem to rub on one particular spot on both my ankles which causes a small blister.  Now I have swollen ankles because of thyroid issues so I'm guessing this the cause. There was an easy fix however. I just place a band-aid on both ankles in the spot that rubs before walking and it seems to have fixed the issue. As for the water resistance I've yet to go for a walk in the rain so I cannot comment on that as yet. I will do an update in down the track as to water resistance and shoe longevity.    ","      I love love love these shoes. I wore them throughout the winter walking my dog a few miles a day through snow, ice, mud, and rain, and they kept my feet dry and warm. These are very comfortable and have just the right amount of support for my very troublesome falling arches and hypermobile ankles. They fit true to size and stay securely in place, not rubbing on my ankles too much. However, nice high boot socks are absolutely necessary, since the material that touches your ankles on these shoes is kind of rough and will definitely rub you raw if you don't protect your skin, so just keep that in mind. In terms of style, they are pretty utilitarian but definitely not ugly. I love the way they look with a pair of jeans or my sweats. They give a really good active look to any casual or outdoorsy outfit. Most importantly, they help me walk a lot farther without pain or injury. Will definitely buy another pair to rotate between so I can keep them from wearing out on me.    ","      Toca no basarce en el tallaje de la tabla, pedí unas 8.5 basándome en la tabla de la descripción y terminando siendo mucho más grande, las 8.5 son de 25.5 cm    ","      I originally bought my normal size, 9.5. After a couple days of walking around the house, it was clear that I needed to size up. I returned the 9.5 and bought size 10. I've put several miles on them and they've done very well. Get the right size and give yourself some time to break them in before you wear them for long walks or hikes.    ","      I was researching for a wide foot boot and came across this boot. Wide feet shoes are difficult to find for women so the products out there are few and expensive! These boots were a really fair price for the quality, arrived quickly and feel absolutely amazing! I ordered a size up to allow room for expansion and I am glad I did this. Highly recommend these for avid wide feet hikers!    ","      para hacer senderismo en tierra suelta y con piedras no son buenos, son resbaladizos, la talla es correcta y son cómodos    ","      I ordered a pair of the same type of shoe last week, and it fit perfectly.  This pair is much smaller.Same size    ","      I usually wear a 9.5 runner but wanted to use these with winter socks. Ordered a size 10 and it fits perfectly! Will likely order another pair I like it so much! Totally recommend    ","      I wore these for a week hiking on various trails in the Blue Ridge mountains. No matter how tightly I tied the boots I couldn't not get to the point where I felt the ankle support was secure. More than once on a rocky trail I was afraid I had injured my ankle. And going down hill in these boots is an experience. I ordered the size I normally wear and maybe I needed half a size down. My foot would slide all over the place while going at an incline it felt so unstable. The tongue also likes to flip out no matter what technique I used to tie. I previously had Timberland White Ledge mid boots and they felt so much sturdier. I will absolutely go back to those at the first chance I get.I almost feel like it needs another lace hook at the very top. It really just doesn't feel sturdy around my ankles.Pros - comfortable on flat paths, waterproof to an extent. I had no issues when they got a bit wet from a shallow creek crossing. Cool purple tread. Price was good, got them on sale    ","      Good support and look nice too    ","      I bought these hiking boots in lieu of snow boots for the Tahoe trips I took this year. I wanted something multi-purpose that I could also hike in, and while I have yet to go on an intense, inclined hike, these for sure do well for long walks through snow, ice, mud, and gravel alike.The best call I made was wearing these for a day around my office just to get a feel for them and break them in. As some other reviewers mentioned, there was a bit of a bump over the toe-box that had me worried about them. I also tend to go anywhere from 5.5-6.5 shoe-wise, and erred towards the larger size originally, but 6.5 ended up being too large for me. I could tell because even wearing my hiking socks, my feet would shift ever so slightly and I was more worried about that \"bump\" rubbing a sore into me. After exchanging for a size 6, the bump was still there up until the end of the first day of breaking them in (the first day of my first snowy Tahoe trip.) But by the next day, it was like the bump had melted away and since then these boots have been incredibly comfortable and supportive on my adventures!They showed their strength on my second Tahoe trip when we hoped to go snowshoeing, but there wasn't really enough snow to do that, so it ended up being a half-snow, half-mud hike through the snowshoeing trails. My feet weren't even sore by the end of the day, and they sure stayed dry even when sloshing through puddles and crunchy, deep snow.I'll update this review if anything changes, but until then, the main takeaway is that for a casual hiker that wants a multi-purpose boot, these are wonderful value, quality, and comfort for the price!    ","      Çok güzel bir ürün memnun kaldım    ","      I took off one star because they do hurt my ankles.  As I walk, the tops put pressure and bruise my ankles. I expected this was likely since I don't normally wear high top shoes, so it's not a deal-breaker. If I wore them a lot, they would no longer bruise me.  I am still very happy with these boots!  My husband and I (we are in our mid-50's) hiked several miles over about 3 days during our Fall color New York/Canada trip last month.  The terrain was wet and muddy but fairly flat. I also wore them on the Hornblower, getting very close to Niagara Falls.  Once, the water washed up onto the boat deck and onto my feet, and I didn't even feel it!  (I had sprayed my new boots with 2 coats of Scotchguard before the trip; I'm a make-sure kind of gal.  I also had on Frogg Togg rain pants.) But my feet never got close to being wet.About the big toe crease pain - I felt it immediately! But because of these reviews, I expected it.  I wore them around the house for a couple of days before the trip, sticking moleskin to the top of my big toe where it hurt.  Also, wearing wool-blend socks helped a lot because they're thicker. By the time I took my first hike, I no longer had any pain even without the moleskin and then in cotton socks! I was so happy I had stuck with them.  Why?  I wear a size 5, sometimes smaller.  That makes hiking boots hard to find, and I like Columbia brand, and didn't want to pay an outrageous price at an outdoors store to get them fitted to my feet.  I was really hoping these worked.Fortunately the weather was rather cold; I would definitely not wear these shoes in hot or warm weather, sad to say.  With the exercise of walking a lot, at one point my feet got so hot I had to change shoes; fortunately I had brought others after reading some people found them hot.Thank you for the reviews!!    ","      Anfangs hatte ich ein relativ gutes Tragegefühl... mittlerweile kann ich nach mehrmaligen Spaziergängen sagen, dass der Schuh auf nassen Wiesen NICHT wasserdicht ist. Außerdem schmerzen inzwischen die Füße, da der Schuhe wohl zu steif ist. Schade :-(    ","      Very lightweight, great color. Would suggest wearing taller socks or pants that cover your ankles, just so the material doesn’t rub against your leg during your hike. Stay in place, could have gotten a half size smaller for length aspect of fit, but the shoe stays in place without issue    ","      I have these boots in black/poppy red and they're my favorite shoes. They're comfortable for day hikes and everyday wear. I've never submerged them in water fully but they tolerate rain and puddles well. They're easy to break in and very comfortable once they are broken in. I bought a second pair in elk tan/teal so I can always have a backup pair in my car.    ","      I really like it.    ","      I wear a size 9.5-8.5 shoe. Usually 9.5 for running shoes, 9 for normal shoes and 8.5 for flats or heels. I ordered a 9.5 first. Was way too big and slipping at the back. I was also extremely disappointed immediately upon opening, that they were obviously used. The shoes had at least three areas of obvious white scuffs on them. They also had faint creases at the toe box indicating someone wore them a decent amount. The box they came in was not the original Columbia box but an Amazon box. The shoes were untied and did not have the paper inside them like a new pair would. I ordered new for full price. I was not happy. Should’ve said used/been priced appropriately cheaper… Needless to say I returned them 5 minutes after receiving them. I exchanged for a size 9 and luckily they were brand new this time and fit much better. I can’t wait to use them to hike and walk the dogs. The exchange process was super easy luckily. Amazon made it right.    ","      ***2nd Update- it's been 3 years and these boots are still going strong! I have recommended them to everyone I know who has even a semi-active lifestyle. I wear them probably 5 times a week and there are no soft spots on the soles, no thread tears/holes. They still look fantastic.Over the course of 7 days, my husband and I walked 96 miles at Disney World. My sneakers gave me blisters halfway through Day 1. I switched to these boots and, while I didn't win any beauty contest for wearing shorts and boots, I did save myself and my feet from a lot of pain!**Update- Well, I've had these for seven months and they've become my everyday work shoe. I originally bought them for a month-long trip to Europe; my feet are usually very easily blistered, but even after a month of endless walking, I never once even had sore feet. When I got home from the trip, I started wearing them to work. I love that they give so much support without looking like a clunky hiking boot. I can't recommend this enough, best purchase of 2017.**I want to start off by saying that these are the first pair of hiking boots I've ever owned--so I have nothing to compare them to other than regular tennis shoes. I bought these in my true size despite some reviews saying to buy a size up--but these fit perfectly so it worked out great. I wear padded hiking crew socks with these and there's enough room in the shoes without getting that \"too tight\" feeling.The first day I wore them, my ankles were sore and I nearly returned them but then I discovered that there are different lacing techniques to fix this problem, so I tried the Heel Lock technique and it completely fixed the problem.There was no break-in period, the shoes have been comfortable since day 1 and, as long as you are wearing the right socks, the back doesn't rub and blister the backs of your ankles. I haven't submerged them to test out the waterproof claim, but it rains a lot where I live and my feet are never wet after trudging through rain puddles.Very happy with the purchase and I highly recommend these shoes    ","      I like them. They aren't the most comfortable shoes I own, but then again, I pretty much only wear Hokas. I can keep these on for long periods of hiking. I had really bad ankle instability, and these boots keep me on the straight and narrow while I hike on gravel. They are true to size (AKA Don't go up half a size), and fit fine even when I put my prescription orthotics in them. I really do like them. If they had cushioning like Hokas, I'd be in love (these were about $130 cheaper than Hoka boots)    ","      These shoes have been a really good purchase for me. They fit and they are comfortable. They are a bit stiff when I first put them on, then once they warm up they are pliable and very comfortable. The soles are stiff enough to handle rocky trails but are not too stiff to walk on the sidewalk. Great purchase. I'd buy them again if needed.    ","      No break in love this boot    ","      Even though I really wanted to like this boot I found that it just didn’t fit correctly. The boots appeared comfortable, waterproof, and rugged. Unfortunately… The boots were a little too narrow, a little too wide in the heel, and left my poor toes feeling squished. I don’t know if it is the boot, or just the shape of my foot. In either case it appears that I am returning to the good old drawing board.    ","      These shoes are amazing, durable, definitely waterproof, hiked so many times on extremely rough terrains and it did it’s job. Great grip, better than expected on slippery ice. Not the easiest shoe to put micro spikes on in freezing weather, but works. I had a problem of my ankle twisting with most shoes, which I know is my own problem and this shoe 100% fixed it. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because the fit is a little weird above my ankle, even when it’s properly tightened. And you need thick socks for these if you have relatively sensitive skin, I got hives after using it the first couple of times ( not shoe cuts, but hives for the material)Overall a really good shoe. Comfortable sole, long lasting. My legs never feel like they were in a shoe after wearing them all day.Update:it’s been a really long time since I got these shoes, or maybe I hiked aloooooot. Definitely several hundred miles in these. I’ve hiked several summits,water and really rough roads. It’s kinda worn out and gotten dirty, but the grip is still amazing, still water proof. Very stable and haven’t hurt my ankle even once. I prefer not putting the top hoop when I lace up and it’s still very sturdy on the legs. Definitely the best pair I’ve gotten    ","      I bought these just before a trip to Scotland - I was kicking myself for not breaking them in earlier, but they were totally fine despite the amount we hiked!! So comfortable, durable, well made. Resistant against the mud and supportive. I love these boots!    ","      Pedí un color, luego el producto en pedidos cambió a otro, marrón, y finalmente me llegó negro......  tirón de orejas a Amazon.  Como fue un regalo la destinataria no lo va a cambiar.Por lo demás , parecen unas buenas botas a buen precio. La talla la esperada.    ","      No las compré para senderismo jeje sino para caminar (por mi trabajo hago trabajo de campo) y son una maravilla. Muy cómodas y sí son impermeables. Siento que me quedaron medio número más grande de lo normal, pero no me molesta. Valen cada peso.    ","      I bought them to wear on my trip to Ireland. We did alot of walking in Galway . The boot provided good support going over miles of jagged rocks on the way see: the famous worm hole and the Dun Angus fort on Innishmore n the Cliffs of Moher. The boot is comfortable, not horribly heavy.  I reccomend the boot. For this trip It held up well to a good amount of abusive terrain.    ","      Second Pair.  As soon as you put them on you are good to go, unbelievable for a boot, no break-in!  Super lightweight and comfortable. I wanted a boot I could use for work as well, I work at UPS, and I'm on my feet all day but did not want a bulky work boot. Well-made boot, I sprayed water repellant on for wet days and snow when needed.  Well worth the purchase, my first pair lasted for two years (actually there still in good shape). :)    ","      Nice casual boot for running errands and more.    ","      I like these boots so much I bought a second pair. Comfortable from day 1.    ","      I bought these since my hiking sneakers were trashed.I originally ordered a women’s 10US and 10.5US through Amazon Prime wardrobe because reviews were conflicting about sizing up or true to size. However I decided to keep the 10 and send back the 10.5; size 10 is my typical size.I noticed some people had mentioned a bend in the toe box when you walk in them that is very uncomfortable and I noticed this too in the 10.5, whereas the 10 fit just right and leaves an eentsy bit of toe space for wide foot women like me. So I’d recommend true to size!!I’ve worn them to break them in, though they didn’t really need it, and on one hike where they held up to the waterproof claim and the only sign of water was a cool sensation through the boot. They did well in Hawaii mud and dirt, but I did slip at one point on a wet rock and I felt perhaps the soles should’ve gripped a bit better. Overall I’d say 4/5 because they’re not supremely comfortable and are sort of boxy. But they do the job well for the fair price point, and are stylishly designed. Five stars would’ve been a slightly more refined (fluffy and less clunky) interior and better gripping soles.    ","      perfect for hiking, keep your feet dry and warm    ","      The Columbia Newton Ridge Plus are a very good quality fall/winter hiking boots that performs well on trails, but can look great also in casual looks.I love to hike and I need good quality boots to keep my feet warm and safe. The first time I wore them, I took them on a 3 hour trail walk. Leather shoes usually need some time to break them in, but these were very comfortable from the beginning. I also wore them for a 4 days trip in the Yosemite Valley, in the winter. They kept my feet warm (with appropriate stockings) and dry in both rain and snow. I did lots of hiking and my feet did not hurt at all. The boots are very lightweight, while looking a little bulky (I like this look). On icy surfaces they are a little slippery.The boots look very nice and I can also wear them in the city without looking like I'm on a hike. It's quite a nice styling piece with jeans or leggings (although I wear them with casual skirts/dresses as well).The boots fit me as expected (I wear 7.5 but I bought them in size 8 to be able to wear thicker socks in the winter). With very thin socks I could wear a 7. I have a medium width foot and these are perfectly fitted, maybe a little too fitted with thick socks; if you have even slightly wide fit I would recommend a wider size, since the construction of the boots doesn't allow flexibility.March 2018 update (after December 2016 purchase): The leather shows after one year some wear, but otherwise the hiking boots lasted very well in time (the sole shows minimal signs of wear). These boots protected me from cold and water in many hikes and vacations; I just love them more and more. I would repurchase them again when they'll be all used up and beaten up. Pictures are taken recently.    ","      Tried these bad boys out for the first time today in order to give an honest review. I hiked 2.9 miles through rocky and uneven terrain. They fit so comfortably and provided me with so much ankle support I didn’t appreciate until today. I really recommend for so many reasons & they’re cute too!When it came down to it I didn’t know what to size to get so I just ordered what I normally wear in gym shoes which is 8. I have narrow feetThey fit really good. So don’t be afraid to order your exact size but if you like extra space in your shoe size up a half.I hope this helps!    ","      These boots are incredible, very comfortable and fully waterproof. They felt sturdy and have good grip. I wear them every day on the farm and would 100% purchase again. I have recommended them to my friends.    ","      Ordered this the same time I ordered 2 other brands. I was looking for work boots for outside. I found what I was looking for, but these are so comfortable I decided to keep them.    ","      I bought it to my son, he is very pleased with it    ","      Very comfortable. Never had waterproof before and will probably never buy hiking boots without again. I added inserts because on feet constantly and plenty of room without being tight. Used for outside work at a nursery where was watering plants constantly and always kept feet dry.    ","      Great boot.    ","      Me compre estas botas hace unas semanas. Las use para senderimos y fueron perfectas. El grip es muy bueno, son muy comodas y el tamaño es perfecto. Este sabado las use para montañismo (alta montaña) y escalada y no fueron TAN buenas. Me funcionaron pero si hay que decir que son para SENDERISMO.Use mi talla normal de zapato y me quedaron perfecto con calcetín grueso de esquiar. No es necesario pedir talla mas grande.Las seguiré usando para mis siguientes escaladas pues si están muy buenas. Pero si pude ver la diferencia en su función durante una caminata de senderismo y una escalda y definitivamente son para sendererismo.    ","      parfait, bon produit et livraison dans les délais    ","      I'm not sure if it's Amazon who sizes these or Columbia, but I have yet to meet a woman who couldn't agree that no matter what a woman wears, every brand fits differently. Apparently we don't have a right to have a size to just find out and stick with across brands. Not that that's news to anyone. It's either pick a brand and stick with it or just constantly have to try on everything. Well, buying on line it not woman friendly (normally, but more on that later). I've had to return 3 pairs of shoes. One that I bought in my \"usual\" boot \"size\" going a half size up per instruction from the seller because of the insulator built inside the shoe. That was a different brand. They were massive. The other's were two of these Columbia's, where I went with the website description for sizes and have now returned two. Meanwhile, try finding a practical pair of shoes for a girl that doesn't cost an arm and a leg. I'm giving this item four stars. One less only because the description for sizes, which says I'm a 6.5 which I've never been except occasionally (and I mean very occasionally) for an extremely dainty lady shoes. Going with my standard 7 for average every day shoes, to a 7.5. I bought a whole size up from what the website described. The other four stars are a mark for quality, which Columbia aspires to have, price, and as a humongous and much needed thank you for your free returns on many items found under the Prime name. What's a girl to do? I found it annoying, but worthwhile to be able to find shoes that were actually useful for a woman, and not have to worry that I would be stuck a. with shoes that were the wrong size or b. paying shipping 3+ times until I could find the right size. It seems like a waste of recourses, was my only complaint. But a mother who works can really appreciate the help. Thank you Amazon/Columbia!    ","      Columbia is a trusted brand in my book. I've always ordered a half size up to accommodate heavier socks for the colder weather. This new pair is not a disappointment. Wore them today for the first time on my regular three mile morning walk with my dogs and it was pouring rain the whole way. These Columbia Newton Ridge Plus held true. Kept my feet warm and dry. I highly recommend them!    ","      purely a personal note, I was not happy with fit and toe design.  But overall they are decent shoes for what I use them for.    ","      They are absolutely perfect. Confortable since the very first time. I use them for long walking sessions with my dog. Highly recommended.    ","      I am truly satisfied with my purchase. I have hiked almost 1200 steps (4.5 miles) in one day. It was comfortable, true size, light weighted, and I had no foot blister at the end of the day. I purchased the black version. It is beautiful and fashionable.    ","      I have worn these a few times hiking and they are wonderful.  I don't slip on the rocks and I feel like my foot is supported.  Must wear over the ankle socks or the tongue rubs but these are perfect otherwise.  Good to go for general walks in as well.    ","      Let me start out with: THESE ARE AMAZING BOOTS and YOU CAN'T GO WRONG WITH THESE BOOTS. These boots held up against all different types of climates and weather and water on my road trip and they still look great! We went to Arizona, Utah, Nevada; the Grand Canyon, Joshua Tree, Zion, Salt Lake. We went through water, dessert, rain, and mud, and these boots held it fine. The only thing we didn't go through was snow, because apparently even though we Californians were freezing our butts off already, the locals said the weather was actually great, and that the colder weather and storms were actually late this year xD.Anyways, these boots were extremely lightweight and required almost no breaking in. My friend had some HiTech hiking boots and she said these Columbia boots were a lot lighter than hers. They were so extremely comfortable and easy to walk in. The size fits as expected if you go a half size up, and walking through the river, it kept my feet nice and dry. I think it would definitely keep you dry, but remember only as far as the shoe goes will it keep you dry lol. They've also got amazing grip. Whether we were on wet stones, or gravelly and sand covered rocks that could easily give way and make you slip or fall they worked amazingly.    ","      By far the best boots ever. I have hiked all over Colorado and all the way across the Grand Canyon and I LOVE these boots. Extremely comfortable and has a wider toe box, which I like. I’m ordering a second pair in black to wear while working below the wing at the airport!    ","      They fit as expected with my typical shoe size although you may want to add an insert if you have high arches like me. I was hiking through puddles, mud, and rain and the insides stayed entirely dry! My only problem is that it's a bit difficult to get the mud off the outside of the boots. It's definitely worth the cost.    ","      Pues hasta hoy estoy encantada, tengo un dolor en la cadera y me recomendó su uso la ortopedista, las uso hasta para estar en casa pues me disminuye el dolor, me dijo que lo que hacen es lograr que se mantenga una postura correcta    ","      These hiking boots were great for an outdoors vacation that was often rainy. A little heavier than I'm used to but so durable that they made it home and I'm still wearing them.    ","      Love these! They’re very nice—heavy in a good way. The color is as expected and they fit very well. (Note: My shoe size ranges between an 9.5 and a 10. I first bought these in a 9.5 after looking at the size chart, but I hadn’t taken the inside padding into consideration. The 9.5 size was too small, but the 10 is perfect, so if you’re unsure which size to get, I suggest going with the larger one.)The insole is very firm, but I took them on a long 30-minute walk to break them in before I hike with them and it turns out that the firmness is just right! They didn’t hurt my feet at all during my first time wearing them! And they’re waterproof, so I had fun splashing in some puddles! They will also be super easy to clean if I get mud or dust on them, since the outside material is like a plastic-y texture (I’m not sure exactly what it is.)I have yet to use them to hike (for hours), so if I need to update this review, I will once I wear them in more challenging conditions. But so far, so good!    ","      These boots do not have the Columbia quality that I have come to expect. They materials they are made from are quite cheap, the sole is not attractive and there are glue lines around the toe area. My sister is a Columbia shopper and I showed them to her and she was quite surprised. They aren't comfortable. At the time I was a bit desperate because I needed something to wear in the rain so I kept them. I would advise those who want Columbia quality to go to the Columbia site.    ","      I did a hike of 27 miles, all the way to Pikes Peak. Boots are comfortable and  I did not  get any blister.    ","      I just received these boots today-they came in exactly 2 days  as promised so that was great since we are going on a big hike tomorrow.  They don't look like the leather I am used to like real heavy duty leather. They look more like a leather blend since they are so light and thin.  I tried them on and they fit well but I don't feel any cushion at all -just feels like I am standing on a hard wood floor. Maybe once I start walking and they break in I will feel some bounce.  I will let you know after the hike how they performed.  I am hoping the \"energy return\"  part will come through......ok I am back to complete the review after the hike....I have to say I give these 5 stars now...they came through with exactly what they say they do-very comfortable, a good size toe box and very lightweight.  I felt like an astronaut wearing them but they provided the support and cushioning they claimed, although I couldn't really feel the cushion inside the boot there was no fatigue at all after a 5 mile hike.  These boots win my vote!  I def recommend-oh and they stayed tied the whole way!    ","      I love these boots so much that I finally bought a second pair. My other ones were so comfortable and lasted almost 8 years.    ","      Wore these on a hike and couldnt even feel the rocks and twigs underfoot. They are like walking on a cloud. They are so very warm. I know these will keep my feet warm and dry on any trail.    ","      The first time I wore these I climbed Mt. Ha Ling in Alberta in March. Around 7500ft and minus 30 at the top, all snow and ice. I’m 5ft 3” and 100lbs and I’m always FREEZING. I did ALOT of research before buying and I first bought size 7 but exchanged for size 7.5 (I recommend sizing up by a half!). I paired them with a pair of carhart thermal socks and I couldn’t recommend a shoe more! Not once did my feet hurt, or get wet or get cold and we hiked for 4 hours!! I was willing to spend hundreds of dollars to avoid getting cold but I’m SO glad I went with these! They have lasted really well and are my go to winter hiking boot!    ","      Me encantaron estas botas para viajar, son ligeras y se ve que resisten mucho todos los elementos. El precio me pareció muy bueno por la marca. Generalmente soy talla 25.5 pero pedí 26 y me quedaron muy bien (con espacio para los calcetines de lana que luego son muy gruesos). Muy recomendadas.    ","      I purchased these boots to hike the highest peak in the Caribbean: 3090m. Super steep inclines, rocky trails, muddy trails and slippery river rocks.Pros:Absolutely waterproof. They held through light rain and big messy puddles of mud.Sturdy: I sprained my left ankle a couple years back so the height of the boot was perfect to protect my ankles from bending when stepping on irregular trails.Warm: Super warm! They will keep your feet nice and warm.Cons:A bit too sturdy. Found myself with more than 5 blisters but I blame this on not breaking them in properly and using very bad socks.They sides started to \"unstick\" a bit. I figure they will hold two more strong hikes and then fall apart eventually.Conclusion: Great value for the price.    ","      I ordered these boots because they looked similar to ones I’ve had for many years and was pleasantly surprised that they were exactly the same.  I love them!    ","      I searched multiple stores and tried on over 15 different hiking boots in multiple sizes and styles. I finally decided on this Columbia boot, and ordered it through Amazon because it was a good price and the color I wanted. This boot was perfect! It was comfortable to wear immediately and did not require a lengthy breaking in period. I wore it on the plane and then hiked Maui... it survived the sharp rocks of the lava fields and mud and slippery rocks of the waterfalls. It was truly waterproof in the rainforest and had good grip and ankle support. I have a large toe box, band it gave my feet plenty of space, yet it was also supportive for my arches.    ","      Hab sie jetzt das zweite Mal zum wandern angehabt. Kein Drücken, kein Zwacken. Super dicht und bequem. Liebe sie    ","      I just bought my second pair of these boots. My first pair was 5 years old but still waterproof and with plenty of tread, but I wanted another pair in case Columbia decided to stop making these. I hope they don't! I really, really like these boots. They're comfortable right out of the box, have good traction, and are waterproof. I live in Michigan and walk a couple miles for exercise every day, so in the winter I need good boots. Just before winter each year I treat the boots with one or two separate coats of silicone spray, and that's it. After that they're ready to go.P.S. I buy a half size larger than my shoe size and that's perfect for Smartwool socks.    ","      I'm delighted!  I first bought a size larger than  I usually wear, a size12 for women  (I  usually have to buy a men's size) and I had a little  of  the  toe box pain that  many  reviews  complained  about, from the bend in the  upper shoe pressing on the big  toe.  I also had chaffing  where the boot upper edge rubbed  on my lower leg.  So I needed  to return them, but  I  ordered a size  smaller, 11, (my usual size) and they perform wonderfully well. No toe discomfort, and no chaffing so far.  And there  is  enough  room in  the  toe box for steep down hill hiking.  I never thought 1 size down would  make such  a difference.  I'm so happy these  came in my size, and didn't  have to go to men's boots.  The fit is so much better!    ","      I love everything about the shoes. TheyAre comfortable, light & they fit Perfect. I’m wearing them with compression socks as I am going on a long flight. Been wearing them for about an hour now they feel wonderful. I will take them on a long walk And revise my review if there’s any issues.    ","      They fit well, they are sturdy but not so heavy, and the water resistance works well    ","      They are a lot harder than I expected, basically no sole just feels like you're walking on hard plastic. The Columbia brand seems to have lost quality over the years.    ","      I wanted to get these boots for hiking!Absolutely love them, very comfortable, and look beautiful. They fit as expected 👍🏼    ","      I love these boots! I ordered a half size up to accommodate heavy socks and insoles. They fit & look great. Comfortable fit & great support at ankle & sole for hiking.    ","      I bought Columbia Women's Newton Ridge Plus Waterproof Hiking Boot, size 10.5I have trouble finding a good fit in boots as one of my feet is size 10.5 and the other is size 10.I bought the 10.5 and thick wool socks and this is working.I have not tested the waterproof component; cannot attest to that.  The high-traction grip on the sole works well in rocky and sandy desert terrain.  They do seem cooler than my last hiking boots but I've only used these with wool socks so that may have something to do with how comfortable they feel.  I'm happy to say my feet don't ache after wearing these.One reason I selected these is I was determined to pay under $100 as I'm not doing hard-core cross-country backpacking here, just long desert day-hikes with occasional surprise thunderstorms.  And for the price I am satisfied with these boots.  The quality seems very good, probably better than all the other shoes I own.  They are thick enough that I feel I have at least some protection against the rattlesnakes.  If you can buy them for under $100 I'd say go for it.  It's worth it.    ","      Great shoes to wear walking all day at work.  No complaints, would definitely buy these again!    ","      I am new to hiking and researched several brands and types of hiking boots before purchasing these.  I’m very pleased!  I typically wear a 9.5 but ordered a 10 in these and the fit is perfect.  I tried them on out of the box and wore them around the house for about 2 hours, then the next day took them on a 4 mile hike.  I wore wool hiking socks and my feet were comfortable the whole time with no issues.  Even walking through thick mud twice, feet remained dry.  I did read the reviews about the toe box issue so was aware I may experience the same; I can definitely see what people are talking about but it was not an issue for me and the shoe did not rub my toes at all.  Maybe it’s because I ordered a half size up?  Overall I’m happy with these boots and would recommend.  I’m looking forward to hiking in them in 2021!    ","      I’m just use it for my trip to Iceland..they are so comfortable and really water proof …love them    ","      These boots were exactly what I needed! These boots have successfully seen me through several miles in the Grand Canyon, Big Bend, and Guadalupe. For reference, I am by no means a professional hiker, usually a max of 4-7 mile in a day. I purchased these in July for the Grand Canyon, and despite other reviews warning to break them in first, they went right to work. No blisters or problems to speak of. As other reviews have said, the toe box does feel tight but only with initial use. Now, over 6 months later, everything feels great and no toe box concerns at all. While I haven't tried total submersion, they successfully helped me cross several rivers (less than ankle deep) without any issue.    ","      Fit is as expected. Not overly comfortable and definitely NOT waterproof (see my wet socks after a walk in the wet grass - not even in the rain). They are ok for this time of year but would be no good in the winter. I would descibe them as entry level walking boots    ","      They seem well-made and look nice. But there is basically no cushioning, which seems important in a hiking boot. When I added padded insoles they were too tight against the top of my foot, so I returned them.    ","      I bought these to hike in the Galápagos Islands.  They are light weight and kept my feet dry and warm as we went in the cooler time of year.  Great purchase.    ","      Broke these bad boys in by doing a 15 mile backpacking trip in thick mud! They kept my feet warm, dry, and comfortable. I was anticipating a handful of blisters by making the bold move of wearing them for the first time on a 15 miler but I escaped blister free. I was a bit worried about black being too hot since they have very little ventilation but I was super thankful for no mesh while trudging through the mud. I usually wear an 8.5 shoe but I order a half size bigger for my hiking shoes and they fit me true to size.    ","      Too hot    ","      They're a bit tighter, and stiffer than my previous pair.  I bought the dark brown 4ish years ago.  They're holding up well, but I wanted them in grey too.  The grey pair seems smaller and stiffer. Maybe it's years of wear, but i don't remember having to break in my first pair.  I noticed in my winter boots, the first pair fit well, and the second was tighter.  The first was made in Vietnam, and the second in China.    ","      No need to break in.  True water proof and comfortable.    ","      When the upper of one of my beloved 2012 Newton Ridge boots separated from the sole I replaced them with 2019 Newton Ridge in pretty much the same color and I paid on ly $20 more.  I really can't complain since the old ones were closing in on 7 years old, had more than 1,000 miles on them, were worn as snow boots the first year and stored in my car's trunk most of the time.  I'm not a gung-ho type of hiker, I'm 60 years old, I live and hike in pretty flat terrain and I don't do any technical hikes any more.  I have a wide-ish flat foot, measure a 6.5 and normally order an 8 which is what I got in these new pair.  I wore them around the house for 2 weeks then took a short 5 mile break-in hike this past weekend.  So far so good, they performed just as well as the old pair, handled mud and water with ease with no ankle rubbing and a minimal amount of rubbing on my pinky toe.  The toe box feels great with only 1 pair of socks and will hopefully feel the same this winter with 2 pairs of socks.  So far I'm very pleased with my purchase and I'm looking forward to hiking in them this Fall.    ","      My first pair of hiking boots were perfect.Bought them for my vacation in Colorado.  Hiked for 6 straight days in the Rocky  Mountains and very happy with lightness, yet protection boots provided.    ","      Loved the look and comfort of this hiking boot. I bought these for our trip to Alaska and they were awesome on hikes and in the mud and rain.    ","      I walk all day at work, been wearing these for over 2 years and they are still comfortable, I just bought another pair because they went on sale and I have a back up if these ever fall apart, which I do not see happening anytime soon.    ","      bien todo    ","      This hiking shoes were perfect. I love the Columbia brand. It has never fails me. I bought them for a trip to Alaska and worked perfect. This shoes are super comfortable.    ","      Ich habe einen Schuh, speziell für die Regentage mit Pfützen und nassem Gras, gesucht und gefunden. Er ist zudem relativ leicht und lässt sich wegen des Glattleders gut pflegen.Optisch sieht er etwas zu sehr nach Kunststoff aus, aber das ist eher nebensächlich. Die \"Zunge\" dürfte etwas breiter sein.Übrigens bin ich den anderen Rezensionen gefolgt und habe die Schuhe eine Nr. größer bestellt, was sich als richtig erwiesen hat. Danke an dieser Stelle...    ","      Product was attractive. Shoes were firm not cushioned.  If both shoes felt the same size, I would have kept them.    ","      I feel safer wearing the boots instead of sneakers . I walked through tall dried  grass & did not get one sticker stuck in my socks 👏 They also clean up well ! I’m very happy with my purchase .    ","      I bought these boots in December of 2020 to wear to work so my feet would stay warm and dry. Being hiking boots, I also got them so that I would be comfortable wearing them for 8+ hours a day being on my feet most of that time. I work 5 days a week so they saw quite a bit of use.  They fit wonderfully, are comfortable, and definitely kept my feet warm and dry!HOWEVER!It has only been 5 months since I bought them and the glue along the side of the right boot where the fabric meets the rubber has let go, which lets in water. For how expensive they are, I expected them to last more than half a year. That is slightly disappointing.    ","      This is a very durable and light weight hiking boot.  While it did say it's water proof, I got caught in a torrential downpour hiking and my feet did not stay dry.  I'd recommend using a water proof repellant on them.    ","      I wore them for a short hike (3 miles) through semi-rugged terrain and the shoes were durable but lightweight. They were very comfortable for my first time wearing them.    ","      I like the boot, however the color (black) once worn the dust from the trails stick to the boot, causing it to look filthy even when brushed off.    ","      Had a pair that lasted me 5+ years for work and after normal wear and tear I bought same exact pair.    ","      Love these! Wore them every day for a week riding and fishing in Colorado this summer.  I was glad I read previous reviews. I ordered a half size bigger and the fit perfect.    ","      The shoes came on time with shipping but when I opened them, and tried them on. They fit great. I just was confused why they are dirty and I order them NEW, not used. I double checked and I got them brand new. Other than that shoes seem to be great.    ","      These hiking boots were very comfortable from the first time I wore them. I am a newbie hiker and I didn’t have to break them in. I felt they protected my feet and ankles well and they had good traction while I was on a variety of hiking trails. Highly recommend these boots.    ","      Very nice hiking boot. Fits well according to size chart. Will add a foot pad for added comfort. Looks very nice with jeans.    ","      These boots are great! My feet feel supported!    ","      I have worn Columbia brand boots for over 10 years and never had too many problems that I could not fix or workaround until I met this pair. Long story, short...I now have Achilles tendonitis after wearing this boot and I am now in a medical stabilizing boot for the 6th month as a result. Please wear something to protect your ankles when you wear these. Other than that...it's a dang good boot!    ","      These are my second pair of these boots and I love them. The first pair I wore right out of the box 16 miles round trip up Mt. LeConte and the second pair I wore right out of the box 23 miles on the Sheltowee. My feet feel happy and cushioned (under about 15 miles, after that I admit they start feeling bumpy rocks and such but that’s not really the boots’ fault). The first pair lasted me almost a year and I estimate I hiked 300 miles. If you’re a casual hiker these will last you a long time. If you’re a more experienced hiker, these will last quite a while and are priced well to replace.They are water resistant but don’t let water get over the top.They are not great summer boots if it’s really hot and humid because they don’t breathe as well as others - but they’re amazing winter boots.    ","      This is the third pair of these light weight hiking boots I've bought. I'm a medievac helicopter pilot in Colorado and fly and land all over the state. These are perfect for light weight, not too warm, waterproof, good sole and tread. They are not just great for flying and all the hospitals we go to but they are amazing for all the scene calls out in the wilderness when we have to navigate through rough hiking conditions to get the the patient and then help carry them back or lug gear. I really put these boots through the ringer and they stand up to the abuse. I'll definitely be getting more pairs as I wear the soles down.    ","      These are really nice boots, however, buyer beware…they are really narrow.    ","      The color scheme and look is so cute. They worked out amazing for my desert hike. I recommend them for new and experienced hikers.    ","      Por mí, cero estrellas pues no sé si el zapato es de mala o buena calidad como para calificarlos y para eso debo usarlos seguidos. Pero para lo que los queria le doy 1 estrella que tampoco merecen: Los compré porque en una tienda me medí unos y eran muy suaves y flexibles para el objetivo que los requiero, más no tenían el color que que necesitaba. Así que los busqué por este medio con el mismo modelo, características, marca, etc... y resultaron ser duros y tiesos. Nada que ver con los que vi y me medí en la tienda. Así que me pregunto si éstos serán originales🤔. Me temo que los voy a devolver ya que solo me los puse para probarlos y me lastimó mucho los pies. Los que me probé en la tienda reconfortaron mis pies, todo lo contrario a éstos.No los quiero..    ","      These work way better in the dewy morning grass than my old sneakers did. No more soggy, squishy feet    ","      These boots are absolutely amazing!! Worth every penny and I can't recommend them enough!!They fit a bit large for me but if you put on a thick hiking sock or get an insole, they fit perfectly. They are super light and sooo comfortable, I didn't get a single blister while wearing them. They're good to drive in as well.I got them for a last minute trip and wore them first on a day of about 6km of hiking (hills, forests, mud, etc.) and they were perfect. Wore them the next day for an 18km uphill climb in the mountains and returned with no blisters, no pain, 0 slips or falls, 100% dry feet. They are absolutely waterproof as well! I have worn them on my winter hikes as well and my feet stayed warm even when snow got into the boots, and I had no slips. They were probably one of my best purchases and I can only highly recommend them to others!    ","      Disclaimer: this was my first hike ever... I went a half size up taking into consideration the socks I was gonna wear. I tried the boots once when the package arrived but didn’t put them on til the day of the hike. My friends were concerned about me not trying them on prior to our 11 mile hike but tbh, I had no idea what I was getting myself into. Well, if you do the loop at Old Rag, it ends up being quite challenging. Bouldering, hiking, stepping on water, etc.. it was 40 degrees out and my feet never felt cold either. We walked through water and the boots proved to be waterproof.I know I have nothing to compare these shoes to but hey, for a first time hiker, I was super comfortable in them!    ","      I bought these last minute for a hiking trip.  I did not break them in before leaving and they are probably the most comfortable boot I've ever owned straight out of the box.  I did feel like they ran a skosh large but I was wearing thick socks so I didn't mind that.  I didn't get blisters or have any discomfort at all and highly recommend.    ","      Excellent!!    ","      These boots are amazing! Love them! At first I thought it was going to be a tight fit but nope!  Even with thick socks they're comfortable and easy to clean.  My first pair of hiking boots and I'm very pleased!    ","      I take a daily two mile walk around our farm.  There are lots of elevation changes.  I was getting tired of wet feet after a rain or heavy morning dew, so decided to try these.  I'm a man, but will often buy women's shoes, due to my narrow size 8 feet.  First the size... other's have recommended going a half size up, and I agree.  Usually the conversion from men's to women's is to add one and a half.  I went with a 10 and they fit perfectly.  I do not wear thick socks, so the size-up is not to accomodate such.  Just a factor in their sizing.  After a week of walking, they're both comfortable, but as importantly, completely waterproof.  Despite heavy dew up to my ankles, the interior stays dry.  I also appreciate the quick lace hooks so getting in and out is easy. Nice boots!    ","      Comfortable but sturdy and feel great. I walk miles a day and will really enjoy these boots    ","      Overall this is a decent. sturdy, waterproof shoe for a reasonable price.I needed a waterproof boot/shoe at a very reasonable price for the winter weather in upstate N.Y. (rain, mud, snow).I am a medium width and usually wear a 9 in a dress shoe and 9.5 in an athletic shoe.  However I need a shoe with a wide toe box.While this shoe does not have as narrow a toe box as many shoes on the market , it definitely does not have a wide toe box as others have mentioned in prior reviews (this is directed to those people who have and understand this need).  I cannot wear a wide width in shoes because it is just too wide/big for the rest of my foot.I ended up getting a 10.5 in these shoes and wear double socks (balega socks) to try to get them to fit.My feet do move around a bit in the shoes while walking, but the shoe is sturdy enough, so far, that I am able to walk with enough support on day hikes over woodsy terrain- but would not use these for any major hiking over very rough terrain.ProsThey have proved to be waterproof while walking my dog/hiking in rainy, muddy and snowy weather.They have kept my feet warm (with the double balega socks) in 30 degree, snowy weather even though they are not insulatedThey are sturdy and the fit is somewhat adjustable with the lacing systemThey do 'break in' a bit to allow me to use them even though the fit is not perfectConsIt does not have a wide toe box.There was pain in one foot, in the toe box area, while breaking in the shoe and occasionally recurs during extended use.The ankle area on the left shoe does not fit well (even though the right foot fits fine) and has caused blisters and pain- I have added some padding to alleviate it.    ","      Sneakers were hurting my legs and feet so I tried these boots and now I am pain free!    ","      These stay pretty warm in the winter and have plenty of room for a thick sock. I've worn them on warm days and they felt fine. I usually have trouble finding comfortable shoes due to my low arches and these feel great! I've been wearing them for a couple of months now. No toe crease issue, no foot pain! Really comfortable and supportive. Good on snow too.    ","      These hikers are a dream. They hold up in all types of terrain. They are attractive enough to wear in most settings. The fit is excellent- wide enough at the ball of the foot and narrow enough in the heel to hold tight. They are comfortable and light.My feet are \"combination last\" so I need this type of fit. They are medium at the front and narrower towards the heel. Size 8 has enough room so that my toes don't slam against the front when trotting down hill. A great hiker all in all.    ","      well made    ","      Lo compre para un regalo y quedó encantada le quedó muy bien,  la numeración es correcta.    ","      Buenísimas botas, las recomiendo y las compraria nuevente    ","      This was my second pair of these boots.  They hold up to my wear and tear.  Love them.    ","      These are great! They are super lightweight and comfortable. The sole isn’t slippery and grips well. I’ve only used them for a walk in the rain and haven’t taken them to a proper hike yet, but I’m impressed. I accidentally ordered a 8.5 instead of a 8, and it seems they’re exactly half a size bigger, which means they’re true to size. It will be perfect with warm socks in the winter.As others said, they are not as soft inside as other hiking boots. The sole is pretty flexible thought. My arches are neutral so I don’t feel that anything is missing for me.They are pretty narrow - as someone said before, if your feet are on the wider side - take the wide size. My feet at average width and these are snug.Shoe laces are a little stiff and are untying easily. Maybe I’ll replace them or buy one of these shoe lace pins.Overall - love them! They don’t look chonky and manly like other hiking boots.    ","      Great fit! Awesome color !    ","      Boots are definitely quality made. It is stiff when brand brand new so a break in period is due. I thought I was gonna have to send back but I wore them twice and now comfy as ever. I love the natural brown tones that pair with anything I wear. They ruff n rugged like I like but still girly and feminine. I feel like a mountain climbing chick when I wear them. Happy with my price too around $70 or so.    ","      Great shoe - I get a lot of compliments on them.  I loved my last pair so much, I bought the exact same shoe again!!  Comfortable, durable, and they are waterproof!  I stepped into a huge puddle and had to stand in it for a little while before I could step out of it - my feet were completely dry!  They even look nice enough with my work jeans and button-up shirts untucked to where I wear them to work every single day, and I work in upper-class retail - ha!  I highly recommend these shoes!    ","      The boots are very comfortable with a short break-in period.    ","      Bought these for my wife she loves them no complaints she walks every day no complaints    ","      Do NOT go up a half size! I always go up half a size from my sandals and dress shoes to my sneakers and boots. I did and they were too big (I could feel the crease on my toe like the other reviewers said) so I sent them back and ordered my real size and they are a perfect fit! I just moved to TN and we went for a hike two days this past week and they were incredibly sturdy, comfortable, and light weight! I have not gotten them wet yet, but I plan to wear them often! I look forward to buying more in different colors!    ","      Una vez usadas, me quedaron aproximadamente un número grande, usualmente soy 25.5 y las pedí 26 por el grueso de la calceta que se utiliza para alta montaña pero aún con esta me quedaban enormes, lo resolví poniéndoles plantillas. Las he ocupado para hacer rutas en el Iztaccihuatl, lo que implica piedras, lodo y nieve y en ningún momento se humedeció o me lastimó el pie. Apenas llevo un mes con ellas pero espero que duren bastante    ","      It was perfect- without breaking in!!!    ","      These boots fit great, however after the first use, the grommet holding the laces on the top fell out.  Not sure how to fix it.  Never had that happen with a pair of hiking boots before.    ","      I usually wear a 10, but followed advice to order a half size up and ordered 10.5 and they fit great! I've worn them for several hikes and they didn't even need broken in. I love that the laces have the hooks past the ankle, no need to fight to loosen laces when you're tired since they come right off after unlacing the hooks. I love the way the tops support your ankles from the side but don't go up as high in the back, allowing more free movement without fear of rolling your ankle. I've tested the waterproofness and found it to be safe to walk through some boggy areas and puddles, not that I'd go wading in them. I like that the soles are protective without being super thick and clunky, so you're still able to walk quietly through the woods. Overall I'm very pleased with these and look forward to many more hikes with them!    ","      I bought these to take to the Grand Canyon with me in January and they work great! We went through basically 3 season weather while doing that hike (snowy/icy winter, muddy spring, and dry/dusty summer) with these shoes on.I didn't have any issues with the fit, nothing chaffed on me and I have moderately wide feet.  I think the key is to wear proper socks to prevent blisters from forming and to also break them in before actually wearing them to go hiking.  I like that the shoes come up high enough to give me ankle support.The grip on the shoes was pretty decent.  I did slip a little on really icy patches but that is to be expected since these shoes don't have spikes that are specific for ice climbing. But, if you carefully navigate the ice patches with these shoes on, it gave a decent amount of grip for me to trek across.    ","      Took these babies on a 6 mile hike, brand new, because I walked right through my last pair of hiking shoes and these babies were broken in within the first 2 hours. They are stylish and comfy. Love them!    ","      I bought these boots for hiking and I am not disappointed. They resisted the water and were warm enough when walking in the snow. I highly recommend them. I have not had any blisters when I started using them. They are very comfortable. I have used them for over a month now hiking in wet and cold conditions, hiking steep mountains and woodlands, and they offered a great support for my feet and ankles no matter the terrain. They also have room for the toes to spread when climbing. I find they are a great value. They are the first hiking boots I ever owned despite being an avid hiker and I wish I had bought them before. I have worn them for day hikes only (not for longer overnight hiking). My size is 38 (7) and I bought 7 and they fit perfectly.    ","      I wonder why I waited so long to get a good pair of hiking boots! great value!    ","      Haven’t had them long, but they seem like a very nice boot.    ","      I am a size 6.5 and ordered a size 7 (since I was planning on wearing them with thick socks). They are lightweight, comfy,  easy to clean, and kept my feet warm. I wore these my whole trip to Peru in July. When we went to Machu Picchu it was super rainy and these shoes kept my feet warm as well as protected my feet from the endless puddles and from slipping on the steps. When we got back to the hotel, yeah my socks got wet (i had no umbrella and wore the cheap ponchos they were selling,) and they managed to still keep my feet warm, ( these shoes dried pretty quickly compared to the rest of my family who just wore normal tennis shoes and had to wear plastic bags as socks since their shoes were completely soaked). out of the whole family I was the only one wearing hiking boots and was told plenty of times about how I came prepared (I’ve told them what they should bring but they brushed me off, I digress..) these shoes were an amazing investment for my first set of hiking boots, I will wear them from now on when I go out on trails!:)    ","      I bought these shoes for my sister for Christmas in 2020 for work. She is a water plant operator and is in concrete floors for her 12 hr shifts. I'm getting ready to order her a new pair. They have held up well and she says they give her feet the much needed support that she needs.    ","      Many reviews mention the bend across the toe and it is true that the boot creases at your big toe but i didnt find this to be an issue for me. I wore them around the house and noticed it immediately and was concerned it was going to be an issue but after a bit I stopped noticing it and it hasnt been an issue at all. These are one of the most comfortable pair of shoes I own and i have been wearing them as my daily run around shoes.    ","      I wore these for the first time hiking in Yosemite. They were absolutely great and I'm happy with the purchase. Note to self and others: break them in a little before attempting a 20 mile sojourn. That being said these shoes made my stupidity not so unbearable. 10 out of 10 would buy them again!    ","      Comfortable and lightweight.    ","      Great hiking 🥾 boots, I walk for miles and I feel super comfortableEstas botas son bien confortables para ir a hiking se las recomiendo.    ","      I LOVE these hiking boots. I purchased these pretty last minute for our honeymoon in Oregon and I was not disappointed.I wore these EVERYWHERE on our trip. I even wore them under my wedding dress for our photoshoot being we did some hiking. Also, as a photographer myself I really needed something that was comfortable and highly water resistant. I took these hiking up mountains, through a shallow river, and walked along a few wet beaches and had no water in shoes.I usually wear a women’s size 10 but ordered a 10.5 just to be safe. I like the comfort of the 10.5 but probably could have gone with the 10 being the ones I got have some room in front of my toes.(Photos from our Instagram page — @shannonxaaron)    ","      I live in Colorado, I love to hike so I bought these and have been wearing them quite a bit for the last several months. I have several pairs of hiking shoes and this is my favorite pair. They were comfortable from day 1 but wearing thicker, hiking socks helped. Thinner socks caused a blister on the top of my toe the first hike. They have a great grip, are waterproof, snow proof and comfortable for hours. I wear them hiking on the trails and around town on snowy days. They aren't too heavy which is nice. I bought the black ones and they are always filthy after hiking but since they are waterproof they are easy to clean or rinse off. True to size too. I highly recommend.    ","      I bought these for work based on the positive reviews. These boots are so uncomfortable, I wore them for every day for months and they never got better. Probably best for narrow feet    ","      Ma deuxième paire de Colombia en 5 ans, j’adore le fit, elles sont durable, confortable et stylées. Je recommande vraiment!    ","      Only 4 stars because I have not yet given them the test of time to see how long they will hold up. Because of an allergy to plasticizers in rainboots, these poor things are getting super abuse on our farm. I.E., wearing through the deep rains, barn slosh, and horse and goat manure while cleaning stalls in our continuous rains since the shoes arrived. I have to say, so far, they really are water proof. Very comfy so far, right out of the box. Thinking of ordering another pair for hiking and going to town, horseback riding etc. Thank you to whomever for a good product. Hope they hold up. That is the one unknown and only reason I wouldn't give them 6 stars if I could. Really look nice too, for hiking boots.    ","      I do a lot of walking outside  in the winter. These boots keep my feet nice and warm and dry. I was excited that they required no break in period at all. I wear a size 7.5M, and it was suggested that I order a size 8, which I did. I do wear socks, and can even wear a thicker sock if necessary.    ","      A few people have written about the toe crease issue. I experienced the same thing for the first mile walking in these boots. After walking with them on another home, they didn't bother me anymore and keepy feet super dry and warm! Amazing and overall 5/5!    ","      Background: I work at a dog boarding facility, where I'm always on feet. I spend roughly 6 hours of my day walking dogs in the woods, along a trail by our facility. Whether it's 15 or 60 degrees, snowing, raining or sunshine, my dogs and I are out in it. At the end of a shift, I've usually walked 8-9 miles. I purchased these boots because with winter coming, I needed boots that would keep my feet warm, comfortable, and DRY.The boots fit true-to-size with enough room that you can wear thick socks if you need to, and still be comfortable. I like the mid-rise, not only does it provide a little extra support, but also keep ankle biters away from my ankles (just kidding!). The boots don't breathe very well, but since these will be fall/winter boots, that doesn't bother me too much since my feet are kept warm. The waterproofing has been the most useful, as I work in all weather and sometimes our fields will flood after heavy rain. Over the past few weeks of near-daily wear (and a few days of flooding), my feet are still dry! For $50, these have been a great purchase and I can see them lasting for seasons to come.    ","      Botas q están en perfecto estado y el talle queda impecable! Todo perfecto! 👌👌    ","      Ladies, if you’re looking for the perfect hiking boot, look no further! These are probably one of the best and most useful purchases I have ever made on Amazon. I’ve went on 3 hikes so far and these boots have kept my feet dry and comfortable. You will not regret it!    ","      Queste scarpe sono molto belle ma sono fatte di un materiale estremamente rigido e duro. Quando si piega il piede si crea una piega che scende e trancia le dita ad ogni passo, e non è piacevole. Sono a pianta estremamente stretta (il modello wide in Italia costa uno sproposito), ma sono più lunghe del normale.Le sconsiglio per il trekking, ma sono ottime scarpe invernali da città visto che puntano tutto sull'estetica e molto poco su confort e tecnica. Nel complesso comunque c'è di meglio in giro.    ","      I was hesitant to buy these because I already had some Merrell low top hiking sneakers that I love...but I was heading out on a snowshoe trip and needed something waterproof and high around the ankles. I unfortunately didn't have a whole lot of time to break them in before my trip which is a huge no-no.Despite all that, I really loved these boots and so glad that I bought them. My feet stayed dry and warm (along with the wool socks I wore) for the whole hike (about 4-5 hours) and they were also super comfy. I wore them around for the remainder of the weekend too around Yosemite and didn't get any blisters or soreness at all. Plus, they have a nice clean, sleek look to them. For as \"heavy duty\" as they feel, I think the design is pretty solid. I got a lot of compliments on them actually! For the price, I think they are definitely have great value, especially if you like to get outdoors and take on some more challenging hikes but aren't super hardcore about it. If you are an extreme hiker, maybe something more high-end would be better.    ","      I searched multiple websites and brands for hiking boots after I came back from my trip from Zion & Bryce Canyon.I love Columbia and read all of the mixed reviews for these boots. I decided to take a shot and trust Columbia. These boots are perfect- immediately out of the box they are comfortable and feel very durable on my feet and 'airy and light' like Im wearing a pair of sneakers but feel sturdy like a pair of doc marten work boots. its the best of both worlds. I am disappointed that the blue columbia logo is missing from the back (as it was in other peoples reviews).I will update this review again after I come back from my camping on Santa Cruz Island.Update 5/6/2019- I wore these boots to go camping on Santa Cruz Island this past weekend. Very comfortable and durable. Conformed to my feet and even after an 8 mile hike 20k steps later my feet were not tired. The next morning when I put them on they felt great. the grey color helped hide dirt. Very Comfortable!!!!!!    ","      I had to wear the hiking boots several times before writing an honest review.  When I first wore them on a hike I got a blister behind my right ankle.  I thought it was my socks so I bought a new pair.  What I did differently this time than what I did the last few times was I made sure my shoes were secured from toe to ankle.  Just by securing it made all of the difference and I did not get any blisters this time.  The insoles seem to be comfortable but I don’t use those as I use orthotics which fit perfectly in my hiking boots.  The shoes are lightweight and fit perfectly.  I would recommend these hiking boots based on my experience.  But remember I took our my insoles our and replaced with my orthotics.    ","      These hiking boots are fabulous if you walk for exercise. I walk 4.5 miles 5 to 6 days a week and just purchased my 2nd pair. The first pair lasted 2 years. All leather but light not heavy and cumbersome.    ","      Je mets 4 au lieu de 5 étoiles parce que je les ai juste essayé et pas encore fait de randonnée. J'ai très hâte ! Je viendrai vous redonner des nouvelles après ma première randonné ! Mais pour l'instant, pour le prix, très bonne qualité et paraisse de bonne qualité !    ","      While stiff at first, these shoes became my favorite in no time! I used them for roaming the outdoors, walking through streams, up rocky areas, and occasionally wore them to work. They were even my go to for horse back riding. Lasted a full four years before the seam separated. Very impressed and will buy them again!    ","      Bought this shoes for a hiking trip. I went hiking for over 7hrs in a row. This boots were more than comfortable. I went half size bigger and it was a great choice. Amaze by the quality and the price to be honest.    ","      I am a size 8 regular and size 8.5 running shoe. I was hesitant to buy shoes online so I went to a sporting goods store to try these on. They only had size 8 and they were on the snug side, so I thought I would be fine ordering a 8.5 (which is almost twenty bucks cheaper). They arrived today and I walked about, they are a taaad bit big so I can feel that \"toe crease\" others had complained about, but if I wear thick socks, I think I should be fine? I will continue to break them in and hopefully take them on some longer hikes in a few weeks, I'll update this review when I get a chance. Whatever the case, you save almost thirty dollars buying these on amazon versus in stores! Great deal.Update 11/11/14: so I went on some short hikes with these but chose to take my lighter, more comfortable running shoes on longer hikes. I do wish I ordered my normal size instead of sizing up. The toe crease is annoying. I did give these a try on a snowy hike in the Rockies and my feet stayed dry. I will keep these for potentially wettish hikes, but I'm going to search for lighter hiking shoes.    ","      Aún no las pruebo en campo pero se ven y sienten de buena calidad, además que la talla es perfecta, me queda un espacio necesario para que no me lastime pero no demasiado para sentirme incómoda. No tardaron nada en llegar a NL.Actualización: Son super cómodas en campo, ya he tenido varias excursiones y no me cansan nada ni me lastiman, fueron una super inversión    ","      Bought these for my wife to walk the dog. They’re are comfortable straight out the box but a big minus which defeats the purpose of having these kind of boots is that they’re not waterproof, even just walking in wet grass.    ","      I love these boots!!I read all the reviews and honestly I was nervous about them not fitting my feet comfortably due to the toe box concerns. But since Amazon has free returns on these, I gave them a try.I normally would wear 8.5 wide, but tried the size 9. When first put them on, I felt the toe box hit my big toe right on the nail/cuticle. But walked around in the house all day to give them a chance.They loosened up some, so I decided to keep them.Next day I went out with my Border Collie  on our daily hike.They broke in beautifully! Liam wanted to play in the water so they got wet- but my feet stayed dry inside. I have been wearing them all day long since.They are incredibly comfortable!!I want to snag another pair when there is a sale!    ","      Great hiking boot, very comfortable and easy to wear for all day hikes, walks in any weather. Love it when a brand is reliable and consistent that you can order one of their products online and you know it will fit and be a good quality.    ","      Las empecé a usar para el trabajo para probarlas y son cómodas y ligeras la talla la siento bien aunq se siente ligeramente flojas lo que es bueno ya que para cumbre se necesita calcetas más gruesas y quedarán perfecto, ha estado lloviendo y no eh tenido problemas con el agua, solo en piso de azulejo mojado resbala un poco pero se entiende por el tipo de suela.    ","      Very comfortable, ordered my normal size, fits great. This is my second pair, they definitely keep feet warm and dry.    ","      I'm a true women's size 8. Every shoe, boot, snowboard boot, or sandal I own is a size 8. So I purchased a size 8 in these boots. They arrived and after trying them on, I felt I had too much room to slide forward in the boot.  I wore hiking socks (moderate thickness) and took them on a two mile test hike when I first got them. Right away I noticed that the toe box was creasing and hitting the tops of my toes. I read the reviews and knew this was common, so I ignored it and thought it was a step of breaking in the boot - no big deal.  Ascending in my hike was a breeze, the traction on these boots is great, I could climb up steep dirt grades no problem. The issue was descending on my hike - my feet kept slipping forward in the boots causing them to hit the edges of the toe box. My pinky toe and heel developed a blister. I still kept the boots because my test hike beat them up too much to return. However, I have to wear three socks with them when I hike, in order to make them work. They are pretty water resistant.    ","      In my work I walk the whole shift, these boots fit me well in size, they are super comfortable and light, the best I have bought.  I recommend this product to 100%.    ","      Measuring my foot as mentioned would have had me wearing a size 9 -10. (I usually wear between an 8-9.) I ordered a few pairs a couple different times, and ended up with a size 7. These are great for flatter surfaces. Tight toes  caused me to get a Subungual hematomafrom the pressure when going down really steep slopes when up in the mountains.    ","      For the women that have big feet - these fit like a charm! I am an 11.5 W / 10 M and I ordered the size 12. Normally, when buying boots I have to get men’s sizes, and the width is way too big (makes me look like I have clown shoes). But these shoes are perfectly proportioned, and fit quite well, with enough room to wear a thick sock if needed. Overall, this is a good looking boot!Also - I have yet to go hiking in these and will update when I do so!    ","      Love the boot it's self, keeps feet dry, good for hiking. However, I did replace the insloes that had no support what so ever.    ","      Chaussures pour ma femme, prendre une demi taille en dessous de sa taille habituelle.  Chausures très confortables dès le 1er jour de marche, maintient bien la cheville, très bonne qualité.  Petit bémol, il faut impermeabimiser souvent.    ","      Vienen un poco grandes, tal vez compraría medio número abajo pero con unos calcetines gruesos se arregla. Muy cómodas.    ","      These boots are sturdy. I walked in water and mud and feet stayed dry. The color is a pretty neutral gray. The shoestrings are a good length. I got them for the twice a day, 30-45 mins walks with my Labrador in my neighborhood, which is riddled with uneven sidewalks. Unfortunately, these boots have ZERO arch support which is a huge problem for someone with high arches like me. I developed so much pain at the top of my feet that I had to go see the orthopedist and he diagnosed extensor tendonitis - ouch!    ","      These are great boots. I unfortunately ordered a half size up because I wear orthotics in all of my shoes. But there is too much room in them still…    ","      These boots are very comfortable straight out of the box and aren't very heavy. I can't comment on durability since i haven't had them for very long. But so far i love them!    ","      I like the look of boots for work, and these are comfortable enough for me to be on my feet all day long. I also wear them on light hikes. I have the black ones, but they are my second pair. I had been using the grey ones for work for a year or so, but they got stolen off my porch when I put them out to dry in the sun. So I got the exact same pair in black, but in hindsight, I should have gotten a half size smaller. I am a solid 7.5 in most shoes, sometimes an 8, but these feel a bit big in my regular 7.5. They are still super comfortable, just a tad roomier than I might have liked.    ","      I like this boot because it’s comfortable, has a nice toe box, and just right for mild hiking.  No arch support so I added an insert with an arch and a heel cup because of plantar fasciitis.  Worked well.  Normally, I wear a size 8 but ordered a 9 for extra length and thicker hiking socks.  Now I need  to use them for hiking Rocky Miuntains trails.    ","      La suela es muy buena, los he usado poco pero me han resultado muy buenos, apenas los probare en un clima con nieve así que esta por verse si en realidad son a prueba de agua, y el tamaño quedó un poco más grande de lo esperado pero les puse una plantilla y así los uso - estoy segura que un numero mas pequeño no me hubiera quedado. Son resistentes y el precio me pareció muy bueno porque lo encontré en oferta.    ","      I hike in Sequoia/Kings National Parks approximately once per month and needed some water-proof boots. I did a good bit of research looking for boots that would be practical for all conditions - dry or wet. These came to the top of my list based on reviews and my budget. I wore them for the first time this weekend on an 8-mile hike. First off, they fit like a dream! No \"new shoe blues\" at all, they were very comfortable all day. They provided great support too. The only negative so far is that they seemed minutely large... I normally wear 10 1/2-11, I ordered an 11 and only noticed the fit being slightly off when I was going downhill. My toes hurt a bit, not too bad, and not something that I think thicker socks won't fix. I also had to walk through several small streams (rock hopping, but inevitably I stepped in the water multiple times out of necessity to get across). My feet stayed dry the whole time. I'm going to be wearing these to the snow this week and will see how they hold up - so far, I am totally satisfied!    ","      È la terza volta che ordino questo prodotto, speranzosa ogni volta di poter ricevere il mio prodotto.3 ordini effettuati del numero 41, arrivate per 3 volte il numero 39. L’assistenza non ha saputo aiutarmi nei primi due ordini se non ovviamente procedendo con il reso giustamente. Merito delle spiegazioni, sembra una presa in giro.Sono senza parole.Sconsiglio a tutti questi prodotto    ","                                                                                                                                                                De media kon niet worden geladen.                                                                                           Fashionable , durable & nice fit.    ","      I am a true size 6, and all the reviews said to order up 1/2 a size. I didn’t have that option since there wasn’t a 6.5 available so I got the 6. It was a great fit even with thick wool socks and didn’t feel tight. I still have plenty of room that I can double up if need be; but not so loose that they would rub. There is zero break in period and even walking a ton these remain so comfortable. Fantastic purchase. Super cute with a pair of leggings as well- I’ve gotten a lot of compliments on them. 5 ✨    ","      These boots were exactly what I needed! They definitely needed to be worn in a bit, as they did bend in and press on my toes at first. But, after that part softened, I could seriously wear them all day. I love the cushioning around the ankle, I think it may have saved me a few times. I would definitely recommend these, in fact, I'm trying to get my husband to buy the men's version ☺️    ","      I was having problems with damage to my longest toenails, when hiking, so I purchased 2 sizes bigger. I have to tie them pretty tight, not to be loose, but really like them. This is my second pair of Columbia’s and I like them better than any other hiking boot or shoe I’ve tried. Definitely would buy them again.I feel like I have plenty of room for my toes, the width is slightly too big, but I did get two sizes bigger for hiking, seems to support my foot well.They take a little breaking in, but then are good to go!    ","      i really like these shoes. they give my ankles just a little more support. they seem to be waterproof. looking back i should have gotten them in the wide option. i have custom insoles that take up space in the toe box. but that is on me. even without the insoles the toe box is a little tight for me. i work at the zoo so i have given these shoes some challenges. next time ill just order them in wide for that extra room.    ","      👌    ","      I love these boots. The first day I wore them I took them on what was supposed to be a short day hike but we suddenly got ambitious and wound up hiking around 13 miles. I honestly did not think about my feet at all- a true testament to these boots! I'm usually a true size 7 and size 7 for these fit perfectly. Since that first day, they have been on several 10+ mile hiking trips with me and have held up well. I also wore them as snow boots over the course of a couple days this winter and they did fine in the snow too. I've walked through some shallow puddles and creeks but not deep enough to really tell how waterproof they are. My only complaint about these is that it is difficult to tightly lace them all the way up through the ankle. This doesn't bother me much but for someone looking for a high degree of ankle support you might run into some challenges. I love them though and fully recommend them- plus you can't beat the price.    ","      I've had the boots about 2 weeks and I wear them most days.  First, they're super cute.  I'm size 9.5 and I don't say that often, so it's noteworthy.  They are plenty large for thick hiking socks.  They're very light and comfortable.  There was not really a break in period, but they do continue to get more comfy every day.    ","      Muy buen calidad    ","      I LOVE these boots! Bought them for the summer camp I worked at and they helped so much! Hiked about 5-6 miles per day in them all summer and my feet did not hurt once. Takes about a day to break in but they’re not painful. Completely water and mud proof but they take a few days to dry if your foot is completely submerged (i.e. you jump in a pond with them on). Fits true to size with normal socks on.    ","      Like others, I read tons of reviews on this pair of shoes as well as other hiking boots. Ultimately, I decided to go with these because of the good reviews and price. I ordered a half size up as others had recommended which worked out great. I’m usually a 9, but ordered a 9.5. The shoes fit just right with thick socks! The whole reason I bought these was to do some hiking in Colorado. We hiked some trails in the Rocky Mountain National Park in the snow and also hiked up Horsetooth Mountain. The shoes were so comfortable and my feet stayed warm and dry the whole time. I’m very happy with my purchase and would definitely recommend to buy these if you’re looking for a good pair of hiking boots on a budget!    ","      Pros: They are well made and fit my feet in my regular size. I wear them every day driving a school bus. They are not heavy and I can drive in them. My feet are never cold or wet with these boots.Cons: I have a high instep and the insole that came with them didn't work for me. I replaced them with a different insole and they are now perfect.    ","      Love how light weight this boots are. I'm always a size 9. Ordered size 9 in black. Turn out it's too big.  That's why some reviewer mentioned the toes are pinched by top of the shoes when bending.I ened up reorder 8.5 in tan color. Because my size out of atock in black. Size 8.5 fit perfect with regular hiking socks on. Not touching the front of the shoes. Have enough toes room.Pleasantly surprised after couple days of moderate hiking/climbing/walking in yosemite. My feets did not complaint at all!!! Good traction and arch support. Padded ankles to provide comfort and stability. Highly recommend!!    ","      I’m very happy with these, I’m planning a trip in a few months to Grand Canyon, Bryce and Zion and though I’m not a heavy hiker, I wanted good footwear for the trails etc that I will be doing. This morning I went on my 2nd short hike in them, thinking to break them in, but I’ve had no discomfort either time.I saw reviews about the bend in the toe area and the one time I wore these with thin, regular crew socks, I could see what they were talking about. However, every time I’ve worn them with appropriate wool socks (SmartWool is my preference), there has been no discomfort whatsoever.I’m really happy with these and looking forward to bringing them on my adventures - and happy they don’t weigh much too!    ","      Me enamoré del modelo de las botas desde la imagen, físicamente me encantaron y me quedaron perfectas. Las quiero para viajar porque realizaré un viaje para hacer senderismo. Las botas están cómodas y ligeras.    ","      Es funcional pero en terrenos rocosos las botas no tienen agarre se resbalan mucho    ","      Shoes got here tuesday and i left for a camping trip wednesday. the first day my boyfriend took me on a muddy atv ride and they definitely held up! my feet were dry and it was easy to clean the mud off the shoes.I’m normally a 9 in shoes and a 10 in boots. I almost got a 10.5 based of reviews but ended up with the 10 and its the perfect fit even with bulky wool socks.There was an uncomfortable crease only on my right shoe but i wore them all through out the trip and endured a 7mile hike and it eventually worked itself out.They’re comfortable and good for the price! Hard toe which is perfect because i’m a little clumsy and clonk my feet on rocks all the time.    ","      Schöner Bequemer Wanderstiefel.Sehr leicht.Leider ist am Rechten die Naht nicht so schön geklebt.    ","      LOVE THEM! I went to az and hiked up mountains. Goldstrike, so you have to repel down and have good grip. These did it for me. Trenched thru water and didn’t even feel a drip. Seriously happy purchase .    ","      The fit was perfect. I have narrow feet and found no issues with width. I could see if you have a wide and thicker foot they may be tight. I didnt experience what other reviewers wrote about the front creasing and causing pain where it bends at the toes. I broke them in by wearing them around the house and taking short walks before my trip, so that may have eliminated that issue. I recommend them for the winter and cooler seasons, they keep your feet cozy warm.    ","      I love these boots. Extremely comfortable, they are sturdy around ankles providing great support. Would highly recommend.    ","      Wanted to give this boot 5 stars because they are a great all weather reliable boot but there is one tiny flaw that can be easily remedied by anyone once aware. The laces SUCK! Buy a good set of laces you can tie once and not have to keep stopping, remove your pack and tie your boots. The boots fit well on day one and with the proper wool socks very comfortable and I was blister free on my first thru hike albeit I do have tough feet developed over 40 years of walking and hiking. These are sturdy and did not slip on rocks or even wet surfaces up and down the Georgia Mountains. I highly recommend them for the practical hiker who needs a good deal on a good hiking shoe-boot. BUT don't forget to change the laces unless like me--you need lots of unexpected breaks to tie your shoes and catch your breath.    ","      Not waterproof, but water resistant for a short time.  Overall, glad I had these for my tip to Iceland, very comfortable and no blisters or aching feet.    ","      Feels sturdy, haven’t been able to use them on a hike yet but I’m sure they will be perfect! Also very flexible.    ","      Love. They fit great. Only issue is the shoe strings. I work outside off-trail a lot and this terrain has lots of smilax and blackberry canes, things with thorns. They these laces are not tightly wound and are fit more for tennis shoes. The thorns stick in them and pull and unravel. After the first day they looked like I had had them for months based on the shoe strings.Other than that, the shoes themselves are great.Oh, also had to get inserts because absolutely no arch support in original ones. With hiking shoes, shoes where we are going to be taking long walks, there should be support.    ","      Love these, fit perfect and are very comfortable to wear for long periods of time.    ","                                                                            {\"videoWidth\":0,\"videoUrl\":\"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/C1tdRrsb8xS.mp4\",\"clientPrefix\":\"vse_reviews_desktop_r2xbgn8ucarm1l_1681294233009\",\"awaConfig\":{\"useUpNextComponent\":false,\"initialVideo\":\"R2XBGN8UCARM1L\",\"shouldPreload\":true,\"isChromelessPlayer\":false,\"closedCaptionsConfig\":{\"captionsOnTexts\":{\"en\":\"Engels (geautomatiseerd)\"},\"captionsOffText\":\"Ondertitels uit\",\"languageToLabelTexts\":{\"English\":\"Engels\"}},\"isVideoImmersivePlayer\":false,\"skipInitialFocus\":false,\"disabledViewIds\":[\"replayHint\"],\"customerId\":\"0\",\"containerId\":\"vse_reviews_desktop_r2xbgn8ucarm1l_1681294233009-player-cf7b3118-1158-44b0-aac7-bba9dd3fb391\",\"requestMetadata\":{\"marketplaceId\":\"A1805IZSGTT6HS\",\"clientId\":\"VSE-NL\",\"method\":\"cr_inline_review\",\"requestId\":\"D8AQQ022FNMRNQGREATQ\",\"pageAsin\":\"\",\"sessionId\":\"262-2709321-8276502\"},\"shouldLoop\":false,\"shouldDisableControls\":false,\"alwaysSetInitialVideo\":true,\"clientPrefix\":\"\",\"useAutoplayFallback\":false,\"sushiMetricsConfig\":{\"isRobot\":false,\"clientId\":\"VSE-NL\",\"videoAsinList\":\"\",\"weblabIds\":\"\",\"eventSource\":\"Player\",\"sessionId\":\"262-2709321-8276502\",\"refMarkers\":\"vse_reviews_desktop_R2XBGN8UCARM1L_1681294233009_ref\",\"placementContext\":\"cr_inline_review\",\"marketplaceId\":\"A1805IZSGTT6HS\",\"isInternal\":false,\"endpoint\":\"https://unagi-eu.amazon.com/1/events/com.amazon.eel.vse.metrics.prod.events.test\",\"requestId\":\"D8AQQ022FNMRNQGREATQ\",\"customerId\":\"0\",\"sessionType\":1},\"ospLinkCode\":\"\",\"showPosterImage\":true,\"languageCode\":\"nl\",\"version\":\"\",\"shouldStartMuted\":false,\"airyVersion\":\"VideoJS\",\"languagePreferenceStrings\":{},\"enableInactiveFocus\":true,\"isReactFactory\":false,\"enableDelphiAttribution\":false,\"shouldAutoplay\":false},\"imageUrl\":\"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/91l7YyRGiYS._SY256.png\",\"closedCaptionsConfig\":{\"captionsOnTexts\":{\"en\":\"Engels (geautomatiseerd)\"},\"captionsOffText\":\"Ondertitels uit\",\"languageToLabelTexts\":{\"English\":\"Engels\"}},\"needPlayerFactory\":false,\"sushiMetricsConfig\":{\"isRobot\":false,\"clientId\":\"\",\"videoAsinList\":\"\",\"weblabIds\":\"\",\"eventSource\":\"Player\",\"sessionId\":\"262-2709321-8276502\",\"refMarkers\":\"vse_reviews_desktop_R2XBGN8UCARM1L_1681294233009_ref\",\"placementContext\":\"cr_inline_review\",\"marketplaceId\":\"A1805IZSGTT6HS\",\"isInternal\":false,\"endpoint\":\"https://unagi-eu.amazon.com/1/events/com.amazon.eel.vse.metrics.prod.events.test\",\"requestId\":\"D8AQQ022FNMRNQGREATQ\",\"customerId\":\"0\",\"sessionType\":1},\"mimeType\":\"video/mp4\",\"isMobile\":false,\"videoHeight\":0}Video Player is loading.Play VideoPlayMuteCurrent Time 0:00/Duration -:-Loaded: 0%Stream Type LIVESeek to live, currently behind liveLIVERemaining Time -0:00 1xPlayback RateChaptersChaptersDescriptionsdescriptions off, selectedSubtitlesOndertitels uit, selectedAudio TrackFullscreenThis is a modal window.The media could not be loaded, either because the server or network failed or because the format is not supported.                                   *9 Month UPDATE w/ video-boots are trashedI've included a video showing the condition of the boots. I've worn them regularly for light activity, never more than a few mile easy hike with the occasional splashing in puddles. As you can see in the video the outer layer is cracked and chipped, and now the shell has split creating a hole in the side. These boots are trashed and I won't be purchasing Columbia boots again.*5 Month UPDATE*Dropped rating from 2 to 1 star. There are now cracks in the shoe which are progressively getting worst. I wish I had returned these in the beginning rather than wait it out to see if they became more comfortable. Don't buy!---I wear these boots daily at work where I do a lot of light walking outside. I wanted a lightweight, comfortable boot with decent grip and ankle support. I went with Columbia since they're a well known brand. Unfortunately these boots missed the mark on just about everything I needed. I wish I read deeper into the reviews on these boots. I've had the same issue with the boot creasing uncomfortably over my toes. I thought if I toughed it out they might break in and relieve this issues, but after almost 2 months of daily wear its still a problem.These boots seem to be waterproof as advertised, however, it doesnt matter as my feet sweat excessively in these boots. This is not an issue with any of my other footwear. By the end of the day my socks are completely damp. Gross!While they have decent grip over rough terrain be cautious walking over any type of slippery surface, including smooth rocks or asphalt with the tiniest amount of water. There's no grip in these conditions.The only plus to these boots is they are lightweight and have a comfortable sole. My feet don't get fatigued by the end of the day.If I could I would return them, but I fear they are too worn and dirty from trying to break them in to be accepted back. I will probably go with a brand other than Columbia for my next pair of boots.    ","      I have two new boots and I'm happy with it    ","      Size fits alittle tighter then my other Columbia boots.    ","      So comfortable! Perfect fit!I was nervous to order these without trying them on. They arrived quickly and fit perfectly right out of the box. I hiked about 5 miles in steep, rugged terrain and was very pleased with their performance. I did not experience any blisters or pinching or pain like I have with other hiking boots in the past. There was a heavy frost that melted during my hike but my feet stayed warm and dry.My feet are slightly wide, but even with a thick hiking sock I had plenty of room in the toe area. I'm very pleased with these and highly recommend them!    ","      I bought these bad boys and didn't have to break them in. I went on a 6 mile hike the day after they arrived and I was shocked at how comfortable they are. Normally I would have to use shoe trees on boots in the past to make sure they're stretched and comfortable enough to wear. I ended up putting 20+ miles on these shoes before realizing that I had just bought them and I had no issues whatsoever. I'm talking 20+ miles on rough terrain, river water, mountains, desert, inclined slopes! Not once did I have an issue with grip nor were my socks/feet wet. They are very light and the fact that they have been through it but still look new lets me know that the quality on these are amazing.    ","      They got the job done in Colorado :)    ","      Great hiking boots.  The only thing I wish is that the insoles could be removed as I wear orthotics and makes them too tight    ","      These lived up to other reviews, which was a huge win for me!  We went hiking up in northern wisconsin, well, stayed in a cabin and it is already mid fall there.  They were so comfortable to wear, even the first day!  They are durable, anti slip and waterproof!!  You won't regret the price for comfort plus all of the call outs by the manufacturer    ","      They are comfortable once you break them in but until then your feet will hurtI wish there was a cushion at the top so they don’t rub on your leg    ","      I usually like Columbia products and these shoes are no exception. They fit well but in the toe area, they are slightly tight. I hope with wear they'll loosen and be more comfortable. Did some walking at Bryce Canyon National Park, watched the sunrise in 15⁰ with windchill factor putting temps at 3⁰. My feet were nice and warm.    ","      I bought these shoes right before a camping trip with my family.  We did a moderate hike every day and these shoes saved my life.  There was no break-in period necessary and they were lightweight and comfortable.  I was hiking in 95 degree weather, so with socks, they were too warm, but hiking was such a joy that I didn't notice.  I bought Columbia medium weight cotton socks, which were great with the boot.  I am so glad I returned a cheaper pair I bought from a local store.  These Columbia are absolutely worth it.  They clean up very easily and are waterproof.    ","      Really nice boots, excellent fit size 3, eu 36. Still space to wear thicker socks if needed. Not heavy on feet. Would defo recommend.    ","      I have never had a pair of boots that were so comfortable from day one. Best boots ever    ","      I needed hiking boots right away for a trip to a ranch. I didn’t want anything heavy that would weigh my legs down. These were ideal. The fit. The style. The true waterproof design! If I has 1 complaint, it would be that there’s no cushion in the bottom sole area. I had to add a thin Dr. Scholl’s pad which made the comfort even better. Great purchase for the price!    ","      Fit perfect, look better in person. Super happy. Seem comfy, haven’t taken them on the trail yet but they seem promisingUpdate: I took a star off after my hiking trip. They were mostly good, but there was a bit of rubbing despite them fitting well. I did get a blister even with thick boot socks. Perhaps they’ll wear in. It was nothing major, just not a 5 star experience off the bat. They held up GREAT in water and mud - there was a lot of that hiking in the redwoods in rainy season! Not a drop of water made it anywhere near my feet. Easy to clean and held up great so far.    ","      They fit great and look great too    ","      I am totally loving mi shoes so far.  I chose the Brown ones (that's not the actual name of the color though).  They fit perfectly well for my exact size, they are comfortable and I can go really on a very steep slope and I don't slide or slip.  I haven't used them a lot yet so I don't know how they will be in a wet environement or when they get more worne out.    ","      For walking.    ","      What a great boot! This is my first pair of boots EVER- I'm a total sneaker head. I know sneakers won't always cut it, especially if I want to start hiking more rugged trails. Most boots I found looked very masculine (not that I'm a girly girl) but these were a perfect medium. I originally ordered a 9- but they squeezed my feet pretty bad. They offered a W in 9 so I went ahead and ordered a 9W and returned the 9. PERFECT. All I needed, and they fit great! I though I would have to wear them a few days to break them in for our camping trip, but I really don't! They're not uncomfortable in the slightest. I deliver newspapers and I'm constantly on my feet. At the end of the night, they were not sore and no blisters. Can't wait to go hiking now!! Highly recommend.    ","      I LOVE these boots, I purchased them because they were a reasonable price and I needed new hiking boots for a trip to Alaska.  After I purchased them, I noticed a couple bad reviews.  I ignored the reviews and figured I would make my own judgement call.  I hiked 3 days straight up and down mountains, hiked the coast, walked around small towns with dirt roads.  I could not have asked for a better boot.    ","      Muy cómodas se utiliza para caminar 🚶‍♂️    ","      I went to Yosemite for the weekend to do some hiking for the very first time, and didn't have time to go to a store to try on boots. I was pretty nervous ordering something that can make or break the experience online, especially with it arriving 1 day before I left. But WOW was I happy about these boots! We did a smaller hike (2 miles) on the first day, and there were no typical \"breaking-in\" issues. Super comfy right off the bat. Then we did a 7 mile hike the next day and these were phenomenal. We crossed tons of steep climbs, dust, water, and slick rocks. These shoes had a great grip and I didn't slip at all. I felt super powerful and sturdy. Would recommend these boots to anyone - SO comfy and made my first hiking trip one to remember!    ","      Vivo en el campo y necesito botas que aguanten mojarse. Las he usado prácticamente todos los días, todo el día, durante 9 meses, les ha tocado mucha lluvia y mucho rocio y han aguantado de maravilla, mis pies siempre han estado secos y calientitos. Apenas empiezan a mostrar un poquito de desgaste pero la verdad es que he abusado de ellas y no les he dado ningún tipo de cuidado. Me veo en la necesidad de comprar otro par porque tuve un accidente y mi bota se rompió pero protegió mi pie así que definitivamente compraré otro par.    ","      I got these boots as a birthday gift for our trip to Colorado. We did 3 days of LONG hikes and a crazy incline. After all that, my feet/knees didn't hurt at all.I've rolled my ankle like 100 times in my life and these boots were just the right height to protect me while hiking on crazy terrain filled with varying size rocks and massive roots.    ","      Really well made, seemed like they would be durable and really comfortable, and they came quickly. My husband and I originally ordered a size up, but WAY too small...tried ordering larger, then larger sizes, but when they still didn't fit, we gave up and ordered different boots by a different company. Sorry Columbia (I typically love their products!)    ","      Lightweight and comfortable. I have a narrow pair of feet and bought half size bigger fits perfect. Able to fit fine with thin or thicker socks too. Don't seem to have any toe problem after having it on and walking for 6hrs.    ","      These shoes are awesome! They fit well, they don't rub on any part of my foot to create blisters, I do recommend wearing high thicker socks though because they do slightly rub on the back of my ankle. They are definitely waterproof as I have stood in about 4 inches of water with no problem and no wetness! I wear a 6.5-7 in shoes depending on fit and ordered these in a 7 and they fit just right    ","      Very comfortable. True to size. Attractive.    ","      These boots have gotten good reviews. The quality seems fine, the style is nice. However, if you need a wider toe box these are not a good choice. Uncomfortable the minute I put them on. I have gone back to Keen's as I've had good luck with them in the past.    ","      I absolutely loved how they felt when I put them on with thicker hiking type of socks. It felt just right, I’m glad I stuck true to my size. At first I thought it may have been too big and then with the socks it was perfect. I loved the top 4 clip around a for the shoe laces so I could make them more snug. I hiked for my first time 4 days in a row and climbed multiple rocks and didn’t get one single blister! I also used anti blister cream in addition to these amazing shoes. Columbia for the win!    ","      LOVE these!  Out of the box comfortable!  Wore them first for a long rainy day with cub scouts at camp.  It wasn't terribly cold - maybe low 50's and WET -  but with one pair of socks my feet were warm and dry and no blisters!!  I've worn them briefly in colder weather and think they will be ok to about freezing temps.  I choose my true size and will say that with a thin sock they would fit big - but since I always intended to wear thicker socks - they are perfect.Oh - and they also look good and I wear them sometimes as just a pair of shoes with jeans.I've only had them a month though so cannot speak to durability.    ","      Had over 15,000 steps in a day working in the yard and my feet didn’t hurt! Love them!!    ","      I’ve never really been into hiking, but my partner is. So I begrudgingly go along, but in tennis shoes like an idiot. I didn’t want to “waste” money on boots…STUPID! These boots are EVERYTHING! I love hiking now. My feet don’t hurt. My shoes don’t smell like a thousand dirty gym socks after walking through water because these are waterproof. Stop being an idiot and by these boots.    ","      I like them feels good on my feet    ","      I bought these boots for our vacation to Arizona for hiking. These did not disappoint. We did a few hikes in Sedona with one of them being Cathedral Rock. We made it to the top and these boots helped with climbing. They were very comfortable, too. I can’t wait to continue to use them with our new love of hiking.    ","      These boots are good looking and they fit well.  I wear a 10 medium and I bought a 10 medium and they fit perfectly.  A nice touch is that when the lace is tied it actually does not loosen.  So many tie shoes have poor laces.  The boot does very well in the snow and slush and are warm with one pair of socks.  I have always loved Columbia boots and these boots do not disappoint.  I Highly recommend them.    ","      I bought these boots for a trip to Peru where I knew we would be doing lots of walking/hiking. I wear a 6.5 so that’s what I ordered and as some of the reviews mentioned, they did run a tad bit big. Not much though, it’s just enough room to be able to wear some thick socks for warmth so for me that’s actually perfect. I wore them around my house on the day they arrived and they felt comfortable with no issues. On the first full day I wore them they were comfortable but were only worn to walk around the city. The day We actually went to Machu Picchu, after some time I did start to feel that pinch others described in reviews. It did go away if I slid my foot around in the boot due to the slight wiggle room the boot had. After a few hours of walking I did feel the need to fake the boots off as they felt heavy but that can be also due to the fact that I’m 6 months pregnant and swollen after flying and being in high elevation. All in all, they’re cute boots and a great value for the money. I do recommend if you’re thinking about these to try them out.    ","      I go on walking trails a lot need something cozy    ","      Good boot for a good price. I bought these for my backpacking trip in New Hampshire. I haven’t taken them on the trails yet, but so far so good. I’m a women’s size 6 on most shoes, but I found these to be a smidge too big. I ordered a 6 and overall am happy with them, but I do find that I need a thick pair of socks to have them fit more comfortably. I wouldn’t order a half size up just to fit another layer of socks for warmth.    ","      So I'm a size 8, ordered an 8 and they fit perfectly, I even have some room at the toes and to put thicker socks.I NEVER review any of the million items that I buy on Amazon but I just had to write one for these babies. I went hiking in them this past Saturday (2/22) in upstate New York  IN 2-3 FEET OF SNOW. Now, I didn't expect them to last too long seeing as the description says they're only waterproof to some early morning dew and some showers, but I was so surprised to see that the shoes not only kept my feet perfectly dry but also warm. They even had some grip on the more slippery and icy bits!Of course after a while the snow started to get into the shoes through the top and my feet started getting wet, BUT they still stayed considerably warm, considering the conditions!They were also such a light-weight and comfortable shoe that pushed me through all 8-9 miles of the hike, without needing to break them in.I cannot speak highly enough of these shoes, I can't wait to bring them to Costa Rica next month!    ","      The fit is super awesome. I walk a ton for work, I’m on my feet moving all day. I needed a shoe that was comfortable and waterproof and can last for a long time. This is the greatest!! I actually look forward to walking around all day delivering mail now that I know I won’t be coming home with feet that look like they’ve been in a boxing match with Mike Tyson!    ","      This shoes are very comfortable they run true to your size , I issued for hiking like 7 miles I didn’t get tired at all and I’m 46 years old 😁 but I love walking to , still they worth the money , they look a little cheap but still I regret not taking them to a previous hiking 😩.    ","      I wear a size 11 and ordered a size 11; I found them true to size.  I also loved the color I purchased as I know it will match multiple different outfits.Very sturdy, and comfortable. I have worn it hiking a couple times including “very strenuous” terrains with rockiness and was safe in these shoes!The soles are rough enough to prevent you from sliding in wet terrains, and my ankles were saved from snapping a couple of times on a recent hike.I recommend you combine these with hiking socks as I did get blisters on a recent hike.    ","      I finally caved and bought real hiking shoes after always using athletic sneakers for hiking. I really shouldn't have waited!!! These boots were perfect for a family vacation to Zion and Bryce with some moderate hikes. My shoes didn't need to be broken in and the traction was so much better than my new balance sneakers. I bought my regular size 7.5 and these for great even with thicker wool socks.    ","      They are good walking boots for the price. Very light weighted and reasonable waterproof.  However you cannot step into a puddle which is higher than the lip. They do not have a closed lip. Hence the water is pouring in. Not recommended for snow and river hikes. For regular hikes in muddy conditions they are perfect.    ","      I wore these without really breaking them in for a 9 mile, 11,000 feet hike in the Rocky Mountain National Park (I also got engaged in them - yay!!) I was really nervous about wearing them for the first time for that long of a hike but my feet honestly felt great. I'm a 7.5 and thought the size was just right.  The shoes are sturdy, comfortable and if they can last for a beginning hiker on a \"hard\" trail, they should be good for anyone.I would highly recommend these and can't wait to wear them again!    ","      Love these shoes so far!!! My first pair of real hiking boots and my feet didn’t hurt at all!! That was an issue with my last pair. My toes started to feel blistered as I would walk back from hikes before. So so far these are much better and super cute!!! Also very grippy on rocksChanged to 4 starts because the shoelaces keep coming untied as I walk. Also make sure to wear long socks with these shoes as they scraped the back of my ankles on my last hike.    ","      I purchased these for an upcoming hiking trip, and after wearing them around the house I couldn't quite get the fit right. I wear a size 10 and ordered a 10, and most of the dimensions were correct, but the top of the toe kept digging in uncomfortably. I have narrow feet so it wasn't a width issue, but I ultimately decided it wouldn't break in like I wanted and returned them.    ","      Der Schuh sieht super aus und macht auch qualitativ einen guten Eindruck. Über den Tragekomfort kann ich nicht viel sagen da leider der linke Schuh keine Sohle besitzt :(Habe Die Bestellung reklamiert mit der Bitte um Sendung fehlerfreier Schuhe.Mal schauen wie der Service ist..    ","      I work 10 to 12 hours shifts in a poultry plant. Been thru countless different types of boots for work. These are by far the best!! Comfort of a tennis shoe, but the durability of a wool boot! Keeps my feet dry and warm all day! Distributor is awesome too! My first pair was lost in transit and they immediately replaced them!!    ","      I read the reviews where people said that they are so warm. Well hiking in the snow when the temps. outside are 18 degrees to 35 degrees, let me tell you, your feet get cold. Hiking thru somewhat frozen rivers though, they did keep my feet dry. I do like the boots; they are very comfortable. I would buy them again but not for winter months.    ","      I've had these for about 3 months so far now and they're still holding up. I'm not exactly sure how waterproof they are anymore; my feet are sometimes a little wet but I can't tell if it's from water or sweat. My feet are never actually soaked though unless I make the mistake of dumping water in my shoe. But so far no tears or holes or anything like that!    ","      Wear these boots to work delivering mail. Lite weight, support my feet, don't get too hot even in the SW Florida heat.    ","      My mom goes for a hike every weekend and she really destroys  every pair of boots she wears. She has got a pair like this three years ago and this is the very first pair that lasts her more than a year. Now she wanted a new pair.    ","      Got these for a week long trip to Colorado, they were perfect. Fit well, comfortable for all the different hikes we went on. I really can’t think of anything to complain about, they did get wet and took a while to dry out but wouldn’t be an issue if they don’t get submerged. My best friend and I unknowingly ordered the same pair! Both of us loved them.    ","      Mostly waterproof . I walk in wet grass that is a bit higher.  Feet sometimes feel slightly some of the moisture though never wet . If the grass wasn’t so thick and high I think these would be much better but overall pleased with them . I am comparing them to my Columbia snow boots that were 100% waterproof in snow and watery slush. But overall pleased with them    ","      Super pleased with these boots.  I bought a size 8, the same size I am in sneakers.  I typically wear a 7.5 in other leather non-hiking shoes.  They're a little clunky looking around the ankle IMO, but look better than most other hiking boots.  They didn't need a lot of breaking in -- I wore them once on a short 2-mile hike in PA and then didn't wear them again until I went on a much longer hiking trip across the Southwest in autumn.  Wore them for five days straight in dust, on rock, in soil, in small creeks across the Grand Canyon, Bryce Canyon, and Zion, including a few strenuous trails, and they performed amazingly with good traction the whole time.  They felt lightweight and flexible.  No blisters, no discomfort.  I would buy them again tomorrow if anything happened.    ","      Love these hiking shoes. I needed a new pair - well, actually, I've never had a pair of actual hiking shoes/boots, I've always just worn my tennis shoes (big mistake!). I pulled these out of the box, put them on and wow, what a difference. I did put my own inserts into them, I do that with all the shoes I wear, but other than that, they were great right out of the box. Highly recommend.    ","      I bought these for my granddaughter, a freshman college student to keep her feet warm around campus. She picked these out because of their good reviews, brand name and that she will be able to wear them hiking this summer. She sent me a photo of them on the same day they arrived. I hear from her mom that she keeps mentioning how much she likes them and how comfortable they are. Whew-you never know with teenagers.    ","      Ordered my size (6) and half a size up (6.5) and ended up keeping the 6. I tried them on with the wool socks I use for my hikes and it was the perfect fit. They were stiff and felt slightly tight at the beginning but I wore them every day to school for 2 weeks and they were ready to go. The first 2 or 3 days I wore them they hurt where they bent at the crease, it almost made me return them, but I kept on wearing them and that went away. If you are in a budget and need something reliable for hiking I would recommend these pair of boots.Not sure if they are waterproof yet but will update whenever I test them on water.UPDATE July 2017I went hiking on snow and after 3 hours the water made its way into my shoes. If you are a serious hiker in need of real waterproof boots, these are not the ones for you. I learned it the hard way and went to buy $150dls Vasque boots from REI, worth every penny!! These columbia boots started to fall apart by the end of my hike (15 miles, 4,000ft elevation) :(    ","      I absolutely love these. They are my first hiking boots and fit right out of the box. I have had no blisters or irritation    ","      Sized up to a 10 from 9.5 to accommodate thicker hiking socks for cooler months. After trying them for a short amount of time the boots seemed to stretch out more than I’d like as my feet moved around a little too much and I couldn’t get them to lace tight enough around my ankles. Overall very comfy and good traction hiking various terrain! Would recommend your true size!    ","      I recently bought these shoes for my wife as she's an avid hiker. She took them out for a hike on the weekend and she quite enjoyed it. The only thing is the arc support wasn't as good as she expected, but other than that everything else about the boots were great. For the price, it was worth it in our opinion.    ","      I love the color and outer design of these boots! Normally I wear 9.5 shoes. I ordered a size 10 (half size bigger) but it fit me just right (no room to wiggle my toes). Width was a little narrow. They also felt a bit heavy. Then I ordered a size 11. This time it gave me that extra room I needed to wear them with wool socks; barely enough to wear gel insoles.    ","      Excelente relación calidad precio debido a que el precio de compra estaba ofertado    ","      i just started going hiking so i wanted something comfortable and sturdy and these are perfect!!  so glad i got them i might buy another pair.    ","      Purchased these to go hiking in Sedona and Grand Canyon. Not too heavy, size was perfect. Wore the first time on a 6 mile hike. Fit very comfortable, no blisters.    ","      Love these boots. They're so comfy, I use them daily when walking the dog in our beautiful off road areas & I  often forget I have them on    ","      I’m a size seven, borderline 7w. I ordered a 7 and they fit great. The toe box is ample, they support my ankle, and they’re—holy crap—waterproof enough to wade a stream. I’d definitely buy them again.    ","      It has all the features I was looking for. Normally I’m a 7.5 and I have wide feet so I buy boots in size 8 to account for extra movement space and thick socks. The fit was a bit bigger than I would like it to be. For a snug fit, I’d have to double up on my socks or wear really really thick socks. As most reviewers have stated, if you get a size that is a bit bigger, it does seem to create a crease and feels a bit uncomfortable because of the rubnign presssure on the skin (but thick socks helps a lot!). I have only worn it once to Yosemite (after a storm passed) and the boots held up well and no wet socks!    ","      La mejor compra que he hecho en mucho tiempo! Son super cómodas, resisten el agua siempre y cuando no se sumerjan más allá de donde comienzan los cordones y tienen muy buen agarre. Las pedí media talla arriba para poder ponerles una plantilla (pues no tienen soporte en el arco) y poder usarlas con medias gruesas. También las he usado con medias delgadas, solo toca apretarlas un poco más pero no es incómodo. 100% recomendadas    ","      At my job, I'm constantly walking on wet floors. I desperately needed shoes that would prevent me from slipping and falling. I've always preferred boots when I work because ankle support is crucial for me. These are absolutely perfect! Durable, comfortable and very anti-slip! Wish I would have bought these to begin with. ♥    ","      I bought these for my job where I am on my feet all day in barn conditions. They held up great and never hurt, even on the first day. I’ve walked through deep puddles and tons of mud and my feet have always stay dry. After reading reviews I was a bit worried that they might hurt, but they have been completely fine.    ","      While I haven't used these for the trip I bought them for, I am pleased that they fit true to size and I have plenty of toe room.  That is especially good since I'll be wearing heavy socks.  I saw a review from someone who bought them for a trip to Iceland which includes lots of walking on ice and pebbles and she found them to be perfect.  That is the same trip I bought them for.  They look nice - more like a shoe than a boot and are fairly lightweight.  I don't want to be doing a lot of walking with heavy, clunky boots.  Have encouraged my traveling companion to get them as well.  Can't wait to use them.    ","      I was hesitant buying these at first, but man oh man did these shoes exceed my expectations.These are 100% waterproof, I went running through some deep water and not a drop got inside my shoes.Wore these while the humidity was high, my feet didn't sweat at all, despite the look these shoes keep all the cool air inside.Very comfortable to walk in, you would think these shoes look very stiff, nope not stiff at all, these are great for hiking. I even ran a little bit in them, no discomfort at all.    ","      I bought them in September of 2019 and I’ve worn them on hundreds of hikes through all terrains including Utah dessert, and Colorado Rocky Mountains.  The tread is still PERFECTLY in tacked even with all the climbing on rocks I do. They are fantastically waterproof and hold up well in the snow. I do recommend warm socks because I find they don’t hold warmth well. 10/10 the size five fits exactly as I need it too, would recommend to anyone    ","      Excellentes bottes de marche. Légères et confortables. Elles sont très adhérentes sur la glace et la neige et je les porte même quand il fait -15 degrés lors de mes marches rapides    ","      I love the look and color of these hiking boots - they are comfortable.I do not hike in them - I do not hike.  I wear them to work or to the store.the only negative I have for these Columbia Women's Newton Ridge Plus hiking boots is that the tongue does not stay or lay flat after a short time of walking, no matter how tight I tie the laces.I would recommend11.3.21 UPDATETHE TONGUE ON THESE BOOTS HURT MY FEET -- I HAVE WORN THEM LESS THAN A DOZEN TIMES - WILL BE THROWING THEM AWAY!!I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND OR SUGGEST THESE TO ANYONE -- ESPECIALLY SOMEONE WHO HIKES! DO NOT BUY THESE    ","      These boots are coming to me for Christmas, so I can't review them after a hike yet, but I did try them on.  I liked the fit, which was as expected, as well as the look and feel.  I am a ladies size 12, so it is sometimes hard for me to find shoes.  My H is giving them to me as a gift, so I look forward to really trying them out in a few weeks.    ","      I have used these boots on an 11 mile hike and a 6 mile hike. Both trails were muddy and wet, and the boots performed wonderfully! I didn't have the problem of them pinching my toes as other reviewers mentioned. However, the only thing I notice is there is not much arch support. I am going to buy something. I was able to use them on the hikes though with no problems. They feel lightweight and I am probably going to to buy these in other colors! :)    ","      I think these are great boots. They fit as expected. I have a wide foot and typically wear between a 9 and 10 depending on the shoe. I ordered a 9 wide and they fit perfectly. I have 3 hikes o them for about 12 miles. Still perfect. Offers great support. I had a 6.5 mile hike in damp conditions due to rain the day before and I didn’t slip once. These were comfortable right out the box. I would recommend.    ","      Still breaking these in, but so far, they're good! I bought a 6, as I typically hover between a 5.5 and 6. I wanted to make sure I could wear good socks with these. I do have a bit of room in the toes, but they're very supportive at the ankle and comfortable, though they do feel a little weird as I'm breaking them in--where they fold at the top of the instep tends to pinch just a little. I assume that will get better as they break in. I needed waterproof boots that weren't my Sorels, must as I love them. These are good for walks with my daughters or hikes with my husband in the fall or spring when snow comes and goes.    ","      Update:These have kept my feet dry in the rain. My only complaint is that water can come in from the top of the shoe as you walk.‐‐-----------------Wore these yesterday without any breaking them in on a difficult hike. My feet feel great with out blisters or sore spots. It was raining at the start of the hike and they kept my feet dry.    ","      Très confortable et chaude à du -25 pour marcher en ville  et monter des montagnes. J'ai toujours eu froid au pied l'hiver mais pas du tout avec ceux-là. Bravo!    ","      I live in a wet place so waterproof walking shoes are essential. These are nice looking (I bought the black with red), true to size fit and don't need breaking in. They are a tad stiff but do the job well. I have had compliments on them too.    ","      Used these after being recommended by a friend for the first time for Zion & Bryce Canyon National Parks. The traction was great for both hikes. There was some snow at Bryce, and they had great water resistance. Really good ankle support for tricky places that could be dangerous/possible ankle roll spots. Overall, very much enjoyed my experience with them and have used them for hikes around San Diego as well.    ","      I have extremely high arches and have been wearing orthotics for over 25 years.  I usually can't get my foot into hiking boots because of my arch and when I found a pair I could get on I couldn't wear my orthotics which, at the time,  I thought would not be a good thing.  We walk on pretty rough terrain everyday and lately whenever I stepped on anything my ankle would \"roll over\".  I started walking with a walking stick because I felt so unstable.  When my ankle rolls continued and started getting worse I decided I needed a hiking boot.  I picked this one because the laces went all the way to the top instead of having Velcro at the top.  Even though I don't use my orthotics I still cannot use all the eyelets over my instep but I can tighten the laces around my ankles.  So far so good.  I still step on things but my ankles feel sturdy now and do not roll over.  I have now given up on my orthotics and haven't regretted it YET.    ","      I have narrow width feet and these fit well! I typically wear a size 6, and the size 6 was the right size for me in these boots. Compared to the ariat Terrain boots in size 6, these fit narrower and adjust down tighter. The toe box is not as tall as the ariat boots and in these I can feel the top of the toe box grazing the top of my toes.  Would recommend for those with narrow feet    ","      I bought these shoes to volunteer at a zoo and they have been wonderful. I do a lot of hosing and trudging through tall dewey grass and my feet have never been wet. The toe pinch was a little uncomfortable but that was only for a few days until I broke them in. One thing though, these shoes get REALLY hot if you leave your feet in direct sunlight. I’ve only experienced it once or twice and it was bad. I don’t recommend these for dry/hot climates. Also the inside does get pretty smelly but that could just be me lol. Overall an awesome shoe.    ","      I have neuropathy in my feet and this boot was comfortable from the first time I put it on!! True to size. I work at a flower farm and I hated my tennis shoes always getting soaked through these are so light weight it’s like tennis shoes but a water proof boot!!    ","      Fit great and have amazing grip. Bought these for Yosemite in February and they made it over snow and ice without my clumsy self falling. Just be sure to double sock! I got a blister the one time I didn’t.    ","      Runs about a half-size large. I bought some insoles and now the fit really well. Very comfortable, provides great support when I am on my feet most of the day. Waterproofing holds up well.    ","      Blame it all on those roots that I put on these boots:)  I've put about 200 miles on these shoes in  the last month walking rustic trails as well as paved trails.  I purchased the oiled leather because they are sturdy and waterproof holding up better than mesh or nylon.  These have done well!  I also like the solid brown boots because I won't be disappointed when I get them dirty, and I plan to get them dirty.  I took a picture because I have really put these boots through the rounds.Additionally, we managed to get caught in a drenching rain.  The boots held up and feet stayed dry.The size as everyone has noted runs small.  I wear a standard 8.5 in almost every shoe, but based on previous comments, I ordered a 9.  I am completely satisfied with the purchase and hope to still order a second pair.    ","      Absolutely love these boots, they are very light weight. As first the ankles were stiff but after two long wears they fit like a glove. I bought the grey ones and the colour is very nice. They come waterproof so no need to spray protectant on them. I wear them as a winter boot with wool socks and they keep my feet dry and warm on long walks. Columbia made another good product! Definitely worth the price!    ","      This ia a warm, waterproof boot. I wear these in very light snow and heavy rain, and my feet remains warm and dry. I've stepped in puddles of water, and my feet did not get wet.  This was a great investment.    ","      Wore these hiking once so far and they are really nice to keep your feet warm and dry! Since it's still early in the summer there is still snow in the mountains, but these kept my feet dry! Even when when I was knee deep in snow. I was also able to walk through a shallow river and no water in my boots at all!! They are also very comfortable and fit true to size. The only issue was when I walk there is a bend in the shoe pushes into my toes. It only bothers me on my right foot, but I'm sure it's just because I haven't worn them in. I didn't notice it too much anyway.    ","      My boots arrived today and they are absolutely awesome!I was in need of a durable, medium to light weight comfortable boot for motorcycle riding... I think I nailed it! Great quality and style!!! I typically wear 10.5-11, depending on the shoe. I ordered the size 11 after reading the reviews. I have about an eight to a quarter inch wiggle room at the toe. I took a gamble because my feet are flat and wide but the 11 fits perfectly with thinner socks. I will update my review once I wear them for a bit!    ","      For the price and quality, this year round bit is hard to beat. This was one of two hiking boots I bought for my wife and the lighter of the two. These boots are well designed for both backpacking and day hiking on any terrain. They’re lighter than most of the other boots in the women's hiking category, but they still offer all of the essential features you’ll need, including ample toe and heel protection, a gusseted tongue, a wide toe box, and a well-thought-out lacing system. The design is also breathable and waterproof.PROS:1. Inexpensive2. High quality design3. Lightweight4. WaterproofCONS:1. Limited for deep snow conditions2. Casual. Won't work for hybrid work-play environments.I would recommend to a friend    ","      Easy to slip on and off. Comfortable. Too early to review. I’ll comment after I’ve worn them several times.So far I love them ! Worn them several times in mud, extreme cold and kept my feet warm dry and comfortable! Definitely recommend    ","      I ordered a size 8 which is what I usually wear and they fit perfect. I needed comfortable boot for work that didn't need to be steel toed. These boots are super comfty even in the hot weather. I was thinking of ordering another pair to have when my current ones wear out.    ","      These boots were super sturdy during our end of winter hike through Sequoia and Yosemite. We went on two major hikes, one which was 6 miles of rocky, uneven, steep uphill terrain and one which was 4 miles of muddy, snowy and wet terrain with few major inclines. The one negative is that the laces kept coming untied and the ankles would become loose. If the laces were longer, I feel like they could be tied more tightly. Otherwise, they kept out the cold and the water from the numerous large mud puddles and streams of water I walked through. I didn't get a chance to break them in before our trip but they didn't cause any major pain.    ","      This is my second pair of Columbia Newton Ridge Hiking boots.  My first pair was bought in 2015 and we are now near the end of 2019 I needed another pair of hiking boots.  The ones I currently have been worn in rain, snow, good weather and bad.  The soles are great and no slipping on rocks, even now with the threads running so low.  True to size and good support on the arch as well as the ankles.  Compared to other hiking boots you cannot beat the price.  This is my second pair and I hope to get another 4 years out of them.  I have another brand and these are far more superior.    ","      We’ll worth the money.    ","      Love these hiking boots! I usually wear trail running shoes when hiking, but wanted a real boot to go hiking in the Alps. I saw these at a local outdoor store but they didn't have my size, so I found them on Amazon. The reviews looked good, and I had a few weeks to wear them in before my trip, so I decided to go for it. I followed the tips to order up half a size and they were perfect. I wore them for hours on end - through rain and snow, uphill and down, paved paths and rugged rock. Didn't slip or trip or twist and ankle once. They are slightly heavier than the trail runners I am used to, but not so bad (lighter than the last pair of real hiking boots I had). I would recommend these to everyone. Plus they look very retro and cute, the color goes with everything.    ","      Pedí medio número más, pero vienen bn en talla. Espero estén cómodos. Me encantaron    ","      I wore these boots on a 10 mile backpacking trip in Sequoia which lasted 2 days, and although they were a little uncomfortable because I was barely breaking them in they did the job. My feet were supported, stayed warm at night and did in fact protect from water while I had to cross the river in them. I wore thick wool socks with these boots and they still fit perfectly considering I don't have the thinnest feet. I got the size I usually get in shoes and was very nervous about them fitting too tight, but they were great! The material of the boots is exceptional and I see them lasting for a long while. The color of the boots was also a plus to me and there was just enough ankle support to help me from getting injured as well as enough grip to help me from slipping during difficult cliff areas. I would recommend for any level of hiking.    ","      Get 1/2 size larger if you’re wearing these for work or hiking because a true fit will have the ball of your feet hurting because the metal shoestring loop will press on your foot and cause red, swollen feet and bunions in less than 2 days. I’d youre wearing for fashion and don’t plan on wearing for extended periods, you might be able to get away with ordering your true size. I wore them for work because I was looking for a sneaker feel in a waterproof hiking boot. They are comfortable but I ordered my true size and started getting a bunion and the balls of my feet were numb for the entire week I wore them and then for 2 weeks after I stopped wearing them.    ","      Excellent.    ","      Son lo que esperaba, muy lindas, cómodas, buena calidad, 10 puntos!! El talle es el mismo que uso siempre 9.5, fue perfecto, sin ningun tipo de falla.El envío fue rápido. Muy recomendable.    ","      Best hiking boot ever! I have five pairs of these awesome hiking boots , three in the nylon and two in leather and I love them…    ","      This would be a very nice boot if it wasn’t for the weird crease bothering my toes. It’s a light, well made boot however the toe box is too high and wide. It creates a crease that comes right on your toes when you step. It’s uncomfortable and didn’t want to take the risk. Maybe it works for people with wide feet.    ","      Love these boots. Really comfortable and did great on our hike. The sizing is right on. I wore thick socks and they were still perfect. I wear a size 9 and my nikes tend to push on my toes but these did not even with thick socks.    ","      Estaba buscando unas botas de campo y estas me gustaron mucho por su precio, estética y especificaciones. Aún no las estreno, pero noté que al probármelas me quedaron ligeramente grandes. Para elegir mi talla hice lo que especifica la publicación a realizar: apoyé mi pie sobre una superficie plana (suelo) y lo medi, dicha medición me dio 24.5 cm y fue el número que pedí (7 1/2). Sucede que en este tipo de zapatos, normalmente soy medio número menos. Sin embargo, no los siento incómodos porque no son anchos como algunos modelos de botas, ya que mi pie es delgado y a veces me quedan grandes los zapatos por el ancho de éstos.En conclusión: una buena compra, me quedaron ligeramente grandes, pero sin llegar a molestar o incomodar.    ","      I wore them for a week to break them in, then went hiking. I was very pleased. They are indeed waterproof, comfortable and they do a very good job of supporting my ankles on rough rocky terrain. The only downside is that they don't have the best grips on the bottom but they are good enough.    ","      Very comfortable, I'm glad I went with these for my hiking boots. I haven't gone into the woods with them yet as I've been busy, but I'm sure they will serve their purpose. I wore them for a day and they didn't rub in any spots and weren't tight. Very happy with this purchase. And they look good too!    ","      Excelente calzado y comodidad. Muy feliz de haberlas comprado aca    ","      They are great. Comfortable and my feet feel protected. One con--I do not like how the tags can be seen on both of the boot tongues. Shocking white compared to the black of the boot. Need to figure out a way to fix this without damaging my boots...    ","      I bought these for my daughter. She LOVES them. She normally wears a 9-9.5 shoe. Since these are hiking shoes, we went up half a size to give room for heavy socks. She has not noticed the crease across the toe problem that other reviewers mentioned. We're speculating that buying them slightly larger is the trick.The price is very good for the quality of the shoe. They have excellent traction. The soles are firmly glued to the uppers. The leather is smooth, flexible, and takes water repellent spray well. (Note: These shoes could best be called water resistant, not water proof. The tongue is padded mesh.) My daughter doesn't have extremely high arches, but feels that the arch support is very good for normal arches. Higher arches will probably need an insert.There is really nothing bad to say about these shoes. I plan on buying another pair, this time for myself.    ","      I absolutely love these!!! They are true to size. I ordered a half a size up from my regular shoes size in case I ever hike in the cold and need to put on super thick socks,  but I could've ordered my regular size and been fine.  I stepped on a copperhead snake in these and didn't die, so naturally I convinced myself that they're lucky boots. Haven't hiked in the rain in them though, so I can't comment on the waterproofness. I'm not sure why anyone would hike in the rain anyway. What if it's raining because someone started a game of jumanji and you're just tromping through the woods asking to be eaten by the jumanji lion? No thanks. All in all I really do love these boots. Oh! And I like that they are hard material I can wipe off and not cloth.    ","      These are comfortable and have helped me tackle a few beginner - medium difficulty hikes in Banff :)    ","      Looks great, have enough space for thicker socks.Lace up easy, have foam at top to ensure extra comfort at boot top! Love it. I bought the black water proof, I think I will get a tan color too!I do recommend this boot to all hikers, beginners or advanced. Good price as well! Thanks Amazon    ","      My first hiking boots ever. I wore it for the first time to go inside an old copper mine (which was super cool by the way) and I was sooo happy I did. Everything was wet, the ground was very uneven and slippery but not for me with my new boots. Yeeey.Love it!    ","      I went on a last minute trip to Colorado for hiking. I didn’t even have to break the shoes in! They are so comfortable and supportive. Definitely recommend!  As a person who is prone to sprained ankles. These saved my life !    ","      I have been on multiple hikes that involved snow, water, mud and the shoes are fine and working. They do rub against the back of my feet after hours of hiking but it's not too bad. It's worth the money.    ","      Great boots.Ordered them for an upcoming hiking trip. I'm usually a 9 or 9.5 so ordered both. The 9 fit great. 2 short 20 minute walks at home to break them in a bit and they were comfortable for both. First hike was about 5 miles and my feet were happy the whole time. Put them back on for a shorter walk an hour later and just as comfortable as the morning.    ","      I like the fact that I took a chance purchasing the size I normally wear, a 7.5.  And with that, I still need 2 socks to keep my toes from hitting the front so abrupt while going down hill.  I gave this a 5 star because it is really comfortable and supports my ankle.  I just need to know how to keep the shoestrings from coming loose.  Any suggestions would help.  Overall, I have gone on 5 hikes with this, strenuous hikes straight up hill and down hill and sometimes in the wet mud, and it holds well.  I had to get chains though for the slippery slopes as not to fall over ledges on hikes.    ","      These little hiking boots were AWESOME! I purchased them for my backpacking trip to the Tetons. I broke them in a little bit by going on several smaller hikes for a couple weeks before I went on my trip. A bit stiff at first, of course, as they were new, but then bam! They fit perfectly. They ROCKED for the whole duration of my trip. 4 days in the Tetons hiking all day long in all terrain, including a LOT of snow, and these held up beautifully. My friend had other hiking shoes and she got huge blisters and lost 2 toenails, yikes! Not me. I wore sock liners the whole trip, and didn't lace them super tight and they were a dream to hike in. I didn't think about my feet once the whole time. I cannot wait to take them out again. BEST $70 purchase EVERRRR! I am SO glad I got them. :D    ","      I should have read the reviews more carefully. I came back to re-examine the negative comments and can now see warnings everywhere.Even when sized correctly, the step crease in the top of the boot folds down and touches the top of my big toe, which first creates a painful blister, and then eventually rubs the skin off. I've never had this issue with any other shoe or boot, but it seems like a common complaint for this boot.For me the problem WASN'T immediately evident upon trying the boot on -- it actually took a mile or two of hiking before the pain kicked in, and then it didn't stop. I was wearing perfectly appropriate socks (fancy SmartWool specifically designed for hiking).Had to bump it up to two stars because these would have been perfect for me if not for the toe issue. Love how they look, they're strong, lightweight, great ankle support. Wish I could have been one of the lucky ones whose toes escaped the wrath of the crease. :(    ","      I wear a 6.5 and I decided to order a 7. I am very happy I decided to size up because I can comfortably wear thicker size in the winter months but they aren’t to big to wear thin ones during the summer. Our first hike where I was able to wear these boots included a waterfall and creek crossings. My feet were completely dry when I returned to the car which makes them worth every penny to me!    ","      I usually wear an 8 in boots. I ordered and 8 and it was a little too big. It was hard to get the shoe on but once I did my heel lifted anytime I took a step. The toe box was tight in the width. I would have returned and gotten a smaller size because the shoes was very comfortable and felt like it would give good support. However towards the front of the shoe near the bridge it caves in anytime I took a step and put pressure on my toes . It would fold in at a sharp angle and dig into the top of my toes. Unfortunately I've had boots that did that before and that's not something that changes with use. It normally gets worse so I had to return it . If they could fix that issue in the toe box to keep it from caving in sharply I would recommend but until then I don't believe it would work well for long hikes. I felt the issue as soon as I took several steps.    ","      I took these boots to Sedona, Arizona.I got the black ones size 8 they fit perfectly! They are great for a 5 mile hike anything more they can be uncomfortable but then again I was walking on mostly rock, so maybe that's what made them uncomfortable. Also, the price is great!!!    ","      Personally after wearing these a bit in myNormal size, my feet slide around in them too much and they have no breathability. They are otherwise just fine    ","      They make a great jacket, but I guess not so much with boots. They are not very padded on the inside at all, narrow down the sides. Over all a cheap boot, had to send them back after trying them on.    ","      The shoe is not comfortable at the ankle. It keeps rubbing against my ankle and it created a blister, but either than that, the shoe fits.    ","      They are waterproof, they are comfortable and they protected my feet from a large amount of hot water    ","      I bought these boots for hiking next spring and I thought I'd break them in. I was worried about some reviewers complaining about a problem with the boot rubbing on their upper toes. I did notice that feeling for the first few wears but I wore thick socks and now that they are broken in I don't feel it at all. They are so comfortable and the ankle support is great. A very well made boot. I am going to have such fun hiking and camping in these. Excellent boot at a great price! (I'm so happy with them that just bought pair for my daughter for Christmas!)    ","      I purchased this hiking boot for a hike in the enchantment trails in Seattle, a very hard and strenuous hike with rocky terrain. These shoes worked amazing! Had amazing ankle support to navigate the rocks of various sizes and fit perfectly. they were truly waterproof, I accidentally stepped in a deep mud puddle and I had NOTHING seep into my shoe! Amazing! I love these shoes and will purchase the same pair once I wear these down from more hikes!    ","      I bought these boots to replace a much more expensive pair of Vasque that totally were trashed after a year.  I have hiked in them every day for a week now.  These boots are OK they are not particularly comfortable or uncomfortable and they seem to already have leaky spots in the waterproofing. They do not have much cushioning and they are not insulated at all so my feet are hurting a little bit because there is no pattern to make up for the new shoe stiffness. 450 bucks if they last a year I will be very happy.    ","      Love these. Look just as pictured. I have wide feet and these are so comfortable. Look great.    ","      I am facility maintenance where I work and I’m on my feet all day long. These boots didn’t have to be broken in and hold up really well!  Super comfortable and stylish… this is my new favorite! Excellent comfort… great arch support!    ","      These boots are amazing & should be the official boot for delivery drivers everywhere!! I put thousands of miles on my boots each month and they’re lasting me approximately 5 months. They’re comfortable, light, sturdy, & I’ve put the water resistance to the test numerous times! I LOVE THESE BOOTS!!!!    ","      I generally wear a US size 7 woman's, and I got this  size with wool socks in mind. They fit perfectly! With regular socks too. I've worn them for more than a month now: through snow, icy slopes and staircases, caving, day hikes, and navigating wet aquatics facility floors. No complaints at all. They're not awesomely slip-proof, but at least it saved me from falling on the ice and down icy stairs (which definitely would've happened otherwise). On the other hand, it is also quite waterproof. I've never once gotten my feet wet trekking through snow or watery cave floors--in fact, I made the mistake of wearing these while trekking through knee-high water (they definitely kept the water in that time, oops). I've also had a chance to hand wash and disinfect these boots, since I went caving, and they're still perfect.    ","      Boots fit true to size!!  Love them    ","      These shoes are fantastic! They are definitely not feminine at least not the color I got, which I didn’t love. However they were the only ones available in my size. They look like they would be like walking around in cinderblocks but they are like walking around on clouds. They are so comfy and so nice and so sturdy. I would buy them again tomorrow!    ","      Comfortable  And waterproof    ","      Theses are my favorite shoes for work. I spend 10 hours a day on concrete and the inside of this shoe is supportive and comfortable.This is my 4th pair of the same style.The last ones were over a year and a half before the insides wore out.    ","      These boots are awesome. I wore them on a 2 mile hike immediately after taking them from the box and they felt great. After reading reviews, I did order a half size bigger than I normally wear and they fit perfectly. My feet stayed dry and comfortable - I couldn't ask for more.  UPDATE: I purchased the first pair in 2017 and I’m only just now replacing in 2021. They are GREAT boots and held up for miles and miles of hiking.  I even sometimes wore them to work if I knew I’d get muddy or wet or be on my feet all day. I cannot recommend them enough. I hike in some pretty rocky terrain and the tread is worn down substantially, but they are still completely  waterproof and supportive after 4 years of constant wear.    ","      General construction of the boot is well done. Fits to size as expected and is a good looking boot. Weather proof, it has stood up well to the wet chilly Wisconsin weather.  As others have mentioned, where the toe bends, the thickness of the boot creates a ridge that pushes on the top of your toes as you walk. It isn't completely bothersome but enough to know it is there.    ","      I liked them. However they’re tough, and pretty much very heavy! I used them for a long hike when I first got them, and I regretted it, they might be useful later but break them down first    ","      I love these shoes! I've worn them on a couple of moderate hikes and haven't had any problems. I saw several reviews about the toe bend pinching your foot and making walking uncomfortable but I didn't experience that same problem. So far these shoes have held up well and are very comfortable.    ","      Very poor quality must be made in China these days.    ","      Good for snow and ski. Just returned from Aspen skiing in 19 F    ","      I just received them and haven't gone hiking yet. Though wearing them around the house/yard they have a wonderful fit. I usually find my shoes to be to snug and wide fit to be to large. This are perfect! Absolutely love the ankle support. Currently breaking them in doing a workout. Only reason not 5 is I haven't taken on a long hike yet.    ","      Comfort…    ","      These are great. Not to expensive. Actually my second pair in 4 years. Old pair cracked where the toe bend/roll is and the sole started to come off. Expected for a 4 year old boot I wore almost everyday to work and hike in.Great hiking boot with plenty enough grip to scale boulders and free climb a bit.    ","      I love these boots I’ve been buying them for years in men’s for my hubby so I finally decided to get myself a pair and I’m in love! I work in them and also plan to do outside activities in them once the weather permits hiking 🥾 I have kinda wide feet so these also meet my expectations to be comfortable!    ","      I bought these for hiking in the fall in Banff Canada. We had temps ranging from the 60s to the teens.  I wore these boots every day, hiking up to 3 hours at a time, sometimes twice a day. They were GREAT! I used wool socks with silk liners and stayed warm and dry on the snowiest of trails. This was even after rain and walking across tiny streams. I used hiking poles, but the boots gripped well on steep, icy trails. On the warmer days I was still comfortable. My arches tend to hurt without support. I never had any foot pain for the entire 11 days! I couldn’t have asked more of these boots!    ","      I LOVE my new boots! I was nervous about what size to order as I wear an 8 1/2 for fashion shoes but my Asics sneakers are a size 9. After reading the reviews I ordered the 8 1/2 and they fit perfectly!, and thats with a pair of Carhartt wool socks on. They are VERY comfortable! I'm not having any of the issues stated in reviews about rubbing on the toe. I wore them yesterday on the trail and was in 4 inches of water at times.... and my feet were dry as could be! I HIGHLY recommend!    ","      Reçu rapidement j'ai marché pendant 1 heure 30 minutes et les chaussures mes blessées le dessus des 2 grosse orteils j'espère qu'avec le temps le problème seras corrigé.    ","      These hiking boots are very comfortable. I wore them hiking on rock in the Grand Canyon and in Sedona and they had great grip on the rocks. I would recommend!    ","      I ordered a size up because I used them with thick socks for hiking in cold weather. I hiked a total of 8 miles without breaking them in (I know, scary and dumb) and there was no issue. Good support, toe box is perfect if you don’t have wide feet. Overall good hiking boot.    ","      The boots are good for regular walking.  For ankle support on rigourous hikes, the material they are made from is not as sturdy as other boots I have had.  For the price point you get what you buy.    ","      THANK YOU COLUMBIA!!!!Me, being a transgendered person; I was wearing pink shoelaces with one other pair of boots. Now, these...taking a stand for myself. Let's see what my mother says this time around!! (And I am unable to wear heels or anything fancy because of my damn disability and orthotics that I occasionally wear.)Okay, taking my review rating down two counts ONLY because my left shoelace seems to be coming apart down at the second and third notches, yet I am dumbfounded as to how that is even happening??» * » Editing this because I need to toss in one major complaint here. « * «WHY there are ZERO ankle straps on the back of these boots makes UTTERLY ZERO SENSE to me and the voices in my cranium.If you can please include those on these boots, that would make them utterly PERFECT to me!!That, and it seems like the shoelaces are coming undone on their own free will intermittently throughout the day/evening. I suspect that I will look into getting a different pair of Columbia laces here soon enough. 🙄    ","      Wife wanted to go hiking on trails, she chose these boots.  She loves them, she talks about them while hiking...every time...  Look at the beautiful waterfall and the rainbow coming off of the spash!  She talks about the boots...  So I guess these are pretty great, and you probably won't be disappointed.  Can't guarantee that every conversation on your hikes from now on won't be about the dang boots though...    ","      I wore these on a 7 mile, pretty tough , hike and they did awesome! They are completely waterproof, which is what i needed! the hike was very wet, a lot of creeks, crossing rocks over small streams and muddy paths- and my feet were completely warm and dry the entire time. They also have good grip and i never slipped on the bad parts! i wear a 6.5 shoe size and ordered it in these as well and they were fine. maybe a little snug if i wore thick socks. But all in all great shoe and very happy with purchase (: i ordered the red and black and it looks just like the pictures!    ","      I really love these boots - the way they looked, the way they fit- room for a heavy sock, they didn't make my foot look HUGE, are comfortable with the heavy sock you would wear with them without being tight and they are waterproof!  A great find and price, IMHO.    ","      I wear a size 8 and my toes hit the front of this too tight boot.  You cannot even think of wearing a heavy sock with it.  Very disappointed and manufacturers need to stop making boots & shoes so small.  Americans are larger than the rest of the world and skimping on materials means returned boots & shoes.    ","      Very happy with my new boots I use hiking, and camping    ","      Están perfectos la talla es la correcta, son cómodos! Más de lo que esperaba!    ","      They are cute, comfy and true to size.  I hiked for 2 days straight in rocky and uneven terrain and they held up well. I did not even have a chance to break them in before the hike.    ","      I’ve been searching for comfortable hiking boots for a while, these by far exceeded my expectations! Very comfortable and offers great ankle support! Not to mention actually cute and not bulky.    ","      I added some supporting inserts and the comfort level of these was amazing. For the price point these are a good sturdy boot option. I work in landscaping and spend all day on my feet. I would recommend a heavy duty waterproofing agent, especially where the \"leather\" meets the tongue of the boot otherwise they can get a bit damp. I've had them for about 2 months and they are still wearing well and have broken in nicely. I plan to get a couple more pairs. Width was about average, seems very slightly more narrow in the heel ( good for me) and a bit flat in the foot box. Again, nice support insert and these guys are awesome.    ","      I took these boots hiking at the Grand Canyon, Big Sur, & snow shoeing at Lake Tahoe all in the same week without breaking them in and they did great! I can definitely say they’re broken in now. While snow shoeing my feet stayed pretty warm although a little damp because I was ankle deep in snow at points.Only con about them is they’re not super supportive so I may add some dr. Schols inserts to them. I also found they run a little big.Definitely worth it!    ","      These shoes did take a little breaking in for me (unlike some of the other reviewers) - but how many times do you actually not break a hiking shoe in before wearing it on a long hike?  When I first tried them on I was getting the pinching at the toe crease like some reviews claimed and I was really considering returning them but to my surprise it didn't last long and they became extremely comfortable.  My first hike with them happened to be a great test of the waterproof quality- a cold rainy hike on a flooded trail- my feet ended up being the only dry part of my body.    ","      I ordered these boots for a hiking trip. I had shopped and shopped in local stores and online and I found these. I figured Columbia is a good brand, I already have some winter boots made by them and they are still awesome years later. On Amazon, some colors are more expensive than others so I got one of the less expensive colors but I'm hiking and get dirty so who cares right. They fit great, are very comfortable, have excellent traction. I wore them hiking in a multi-terrain area; stone stairs, grassy hills, steep sloping mountains, gorges, through river beds and rocks. Never once did these boots fail me.    ","      I ordered two pairs of boots at the same time the other pair (not Columbia) was clunky and did not fit well at all this boot fit like it was made for me. I only wore them a couple of times around the house for about 15 - 30 minutes before I went on my first hike with them. They were great no issues at all. I would order them again.    ","      I'm typically between a 6.5 and 7 on shoe sizes depending on brand and material but this came in and fits perfect. Gave me lots of room around my toe area,  lightweight and feels comfy. Haven't broken it in but just trying it around the house it's been great.    ","      Most comfortable boot I ever purchased. Wear all day!    ","      Wore these right out of the box on a 6 mile hike. NO ISSUES. Comfy fit, true to size. I NEVER leave reviews, but I was pretty amazed at how well these performed. I dreaded the idea of breaking in a new boot. This was not the case at all. I'm going to Iceland next year and these will be making the trip with me. I'm SOOO glad I bought them.    ","      I purchased a pair in 2 different sizes for my wife. One size was too small, so I returned it. But the other size fit perfectly and she said she was very comfortable hiking the White Mountains of New Hampshire with it.    ","      So comfortable and easy to break in. I got one blister on my toe, but even though I wore these boots to hike for 4-6 hours/day of hiking for the next week, the blister never even burst.Also literally half the cost of the same boot anywhere else.    ","      This was the best shoe I could have asked for! Did a 12 mile hike with this and my feet felt amazing! Any other shoe would have caused blisters, etc. I also had so much grip with these shoes even though I went through a lot of water, deep inclines, climbing, etc. highly recommend!    ","      So far I'm happy with these Columbia hiking boots. I have not tested them for real hiking, but as a walking boot they are nice looking and comfortable. I also like them because they were under $100.    ","      I read all the reviews and the sizing chart before ordering.  I got my normal shoe size, and these boots fit PERFECTLY.  I didn't even try to break these in (although, to be honest--I have tough feet and work out every day + have run multiple marathons).  I put these on and hiked about 10-miles total at Old Rag Mountain in VA.  This has a lot of rocky inclines and some bouldering.  I didn't get one blister and my feet felt great, even being on them for about 6 hours.  Let me tell you -- these are so much more supportive than regular tennis shoes.  10/10 - so glad I bargain hunted instead of buying full price boots somewhere local.    ","      Ordered an 8, fits like an 8.5 which is fine i just wear 2 pairs of socks. I also thought i was gonna be tripping over the metal parts that the laces tie through but I've been ok so far. Also no blisters or soreness on feet after each hike ive taken with them.    ","      I loved these hiking boots, but as soon as I put them of i felt something uncomfortable on the right boot, my toes felt weird and missplaced, like a space between my toes and the front of the boot. When I removed the insole as you see it has a manufacturer error, and a weird shape that I couldn't fix. I was vey excited to used it but now I don't feel comfortable to go on long hikes since it can affect my toes. Very disappointed    ","      Love these shoes. Fairly waterproof and cute. The only problem is they run a bit larger, and after walking on them 8+ miles, my feet are sore. Added some insoles and good socks and we are good to go! Would recommend! Just 1/2 size down.    ","      Fit perfect. Comfortable from the moment I put them on. Didn't really need to break them in. I have been wearing them for ten days now as every day shoes because they are so comfortable. I highly recommend these! The laces do not look pink like in the picture.. more a megenta red    ","      I have been searching for a decent pair of hiking/work boots, and came across these. I’ve had them for just over a month now, and I am on my feet a good 8 to 10 hours a day five days a week. These are the most comfortable and light weight boots I have ever owned. I highly recommended them to my son, and he bought himself a pair, and also likes them. These are my new go to boots.    ","      I absolutely love my hiking boots, they are super comfortable and true to size. I love that the support my ankles. I do wish I would have gotten the brown ones since it gets dusty when hiking but just wipe them with a cloth and they look like new. Better than hiking on my 6 year old nike shoes.    ","      I bought these for an upcoming trip to Iceland.  We will be hiking and planning on having significant changes in weather, with a lot of rain, and a variety of conditions.  I needed a shoe I could wear pretty much all the time and anywhere.  The black hiking shoe seemed to fit the bill.  Unfortunately I found the shoe too large.  I wear a 7.5 and this was too big with thick socks.  I sent them back and am debating the size smaller or another boot altogether.    ","      To hike the Inca Trail in the rainy season, we needed high traction, waterproof hiking boots.  These boots were comfortable right out of the box -- just put them on and go.  All five members of my family used various sizes of these boots (men's and women's).  We were all completely satisfied with the fit and comfort in the toe box, width and length.  Needless to say, in the rainy season, the boots encountered a lot of wet.  Over 5 days, all our feet remained completely dry.  Highly recommend.    ","      I took these boots hiking through the red rocks in Arizona and into the Grand Canyon and they saved my life quite a few times.  After awhile (like 10+ miles) they're not all that comfortable, but that's to be expected. Their traction and grip was remarkable and I would recommend these to anyone looking for an affordable pair of hiking boots.    ","      I wore them around the house for one day and they seem comfortable enough. I got a half size bigger than I normally wear so that I can wear heavy socks and the fit is good with the socks. I rarely wear shoes that hit at or above the ankle, so these will take some getting used to, but they did not seem to rub that much. Again, I only wore them about 6 hours around the house, so I can't go by that alone, but I like them so far and they look rather nice, too. Hope they really are waterproof because they are for my trip to Alaska this summer. I will try to update my review after my trip, but only if these shoes are not up to standards with my expectations.    ","      These boots are very nice    ","      These are the most comfortable pair of shoes I’ve ever owned, that includes running, training, boots, etc., but the “waterproof” description is not quite accurate. I took them to the snow and went snowshoeing in them as well as used micro spikes at San Jacinto peak, and my feet were soaked at half point. I think the snow melted through the tongue. Otherwise, they’re a great boot! Took me up Mt. Whitney, White Mtn, Pacifico’s Crest Trail, and more!    ","      I love these hiking boots. They are comfortable and they look very nice. I highly recommend these boots to new hikers.    ","      I wanted a pair of hikers that were waterproof for my regular 3mi treks.  They seem to fit the bill.  I’ve been hiking twice since I got them, and after walking through a cold creek, thankfully they kept my feet dry.  The only drawback I’ve experienced is that the left shoe seems to rub the top inside of my foot for some reason making the shoe slightly uncomfortable.  I’ve only worn them twice so far though and hoping that changes as I continue to break them in.    ","      I am wondering if they are original, a little hard, not very comfortable    ","      I bought these boots for my trip to Iceland. Walked for miles, for hours going up and down. it rained a lot, etc, but my feet never hurt, I never slipped, and my feet were dry and confortable.    ","      Très bien adaptées à la marche en hiver la semelle n’est pas trop dure on peut faire de longues marches tout de suite sans avoir besoin de les forcer elles sèchent très vite très bon produit    ","      These are excellent boots. Definitely waterproof. Took my dog for a 2 hr hike in the rain with tall wet grass and never had wet feet. Never had to break them in. They were comfortable right off the hop. Sent back a different pair from another company and was so happy with these.  Highly recommend them. Have used them for 6 weeks now and not one complaint.    ","      I took these hiking after a nice rain and mud so thick you could slide down a hill. They held up nice and my feet stayed dry. I took off a star because I have the same problem another reviewer said about the toe part... when you walk the toe crease is weird, it rubs the top of my toes and it was uncomfortable, especially if you're walking on flat surface or hit any asphalt. If I had to do it over again I would've ordered a size larger and worn really thick wool socks with these to help cushion against that weird crease.    ","      Love how these fit and look on, but took on a hiking trip and the rubber on the soles was coming unattached just after the few day trip. I wouldn't buy again knowing this.    ","      My wife loves them, very comfortable, fits great. The only downfall is they are not even what we would consider water resistant.  Probably just need to treat the leather.    ","      These hiking boots are so comfortable, there's plenty of room for the toes to move (wide enough compared to my old pair which were too narrow and hurt my little toes after a long hike) and they're super lightweight. Best hiking boots I've ever bought!    ","      It fits well. Broke in easily. I use mine as work boots instead of hiking. Great for work. Waterproof. We go hiking but have not yet. Survived a pit bull mix puppy stealing them to chew on for about 20 minutes. Looks great  and didn’t get chew marks? Weird    ","      I went hiking to the Grand Canyon during winter time therefore there was some ice and lots of snow... these boots provided me with enough grip for the hike, great ankle stability! My feet were slightly damp after walking in slushy snow and mud.. but nothing too bad. I couldn’t have been happier with the purchase!    ","      I am delighted with these! The fit is just a bit loose which is what I wanted so I can wear 2 pairs of socks or a pair of leg warmers as needed. I've worn them to work/school already and they were so comfortable, no need to break them in at all.    ","      Love these boots.  I maintain both my parents yard and ours.  Needed a boot that would hold up to 10 hour days in dirt, grass, mud and gravel.  This is my second pair.  The first lasted 4 years. Well made.  Very comfortable.  Highly recommend these boots    ","      I work in corn fields pretty much everyday. These help me so much in different terrains all over the state. I work in the hottest time of the year but I don’t feel as though these shoes make me feel overheated - they definitely need to be Febreezed at the end of the day, though.Fit as expected, and the high-top fit of it is comfortable and protects me from the elements.    ","      These shoes are great! I was surprised that they didnt need much wearing in at all. I didnt blister and I was wearing them for a good 6 or 7 hours. Super comfy, great for walking and climbing. I highly recommend! Columbia are a great brand!    ","      Llegaron antes de tiempo!Las botas están muy bonitas y son sumamente cómodas! Aún no las uso para alguna escalada pero se ve que van a funcionar bien. Pedí #5 que es mi talla habitual y me quedaron un poco flojas pero esta bien porque así puedo usar calcetas gruesas y supongo que un numero menos me hubiera quedado muy justo.    ","      I wore this to a festival in the desert for 4 days and never thought about my feet when wearing them, which means they were awesome! After reading reviews about the lack of arch support, I did put Dr Scholl's arch support inserts in them and that made them perfect. I tried a day without them and it wasn't so great. As for width, I have a medium to wide foot and felt they were almost too wide but with thick sock, they fit well.    ","      Confortable fit and for walking and hiking.    ","      These are very comfortable and warm, with excellent treads for snow, ice, and hiking. I'm very glad I purchased them, as they are well made, soft, suede(nubuck) and r waterproof. I cant wear anything but natural materials; man made shoes and boots make your feet sweat because they dont breathe, and they tend to take on odors to the point that u have to throw them out. Good price 4 real leather and Columbia sports brand. Would recommend!    ","      These held up great during my trip to Alaska! I put them through it too! My feet were never sore, and they kept out the elements. I wore them around the house a little and gardening once to break them in.    ","      Idéale pour la randonnée pédestre en hiver. Je les adore!! Elles sont juste parfaite, confortable, juste assez chaude…    ","      I just got them and haven't had a chance to really try them out except for around the house. They are very comfortable, I don't have the issue about the top of the boot rubbing on my toes like some people do, I see how it comes down a little but it doesn't rub. I was planning on using these for a winter backpacking trip, so I would hope they keep my feet warm, comfortable and somewhat waterproof (I still planned on using a waterproofer just to make sure). I only gave it 4 stars because I haven't had the chance to really try them out. I will update my review once I've actually used them!    ","      They are very comfortable and a great quality. The leather is good to keep the water out. The laces are a little stretchy and the bright red doesn’t match the coral on the boots but overall very satisfied.    ","      These boots are the best! I wanted a new pair of hiking boots that were a little less chunky than my previous pair, yet offered good ankle support and durability. I ordered my usual size, and they fit perfect! I had a camping trip up to the high country of Yosemite, and these boots needed no break in time for the trip. I hiked a few uphill trails with them, with no blisters! Highly recommend a pair of thick hiking socks to help prevent blisters as well. They are waterproof too which was nice when crossing rivers. Amazing boots for an amazing price!    ","      My wife has used this shoe in two hikes! (mt Monadnock and mt pierce) this shoe basically made her life confy and made through those two hikes (wet, muddy and rock scrambling) with no issue! HIGHLY recommended    ","      Used the boots for the first time on a 6mile hike they felt great!    ","      I work in very damp terrain and these boots keep my feet warm and dry throughout my day.    ","      Had bought them for my daughter and ended up returning them as they were too large. Was unable to replace them with a smaller size so ended up ordering a different style.    ","      Usually wear a size 10, but got a 10.5. The fit is good, and still have some toe room. The only break in needed is along the toe. Once the inner seam softens a bit it wont pinch the top of the toes, but it is a real thing as other reviewers have said.  They are flexible and light weight, but still durable for rocky terrain.    ","      Wore them 3 times now, went on a 3/4 mile walk. First time destroyed my feet. Tried putting some soles in them, tried lacing them better, got longer socks, still had awful pain. Third time really set in the blisters. I love the look of them, which sucks.    ","      I bought these to go hiking in the northern part of my state in the winter. They didn’t require much breaking in which was nice, however because of the way that the high-top style is designed it did rub at the heel (not a big problem once I put on thicker socks,) but in terms of ankle support it pulled through.    ","      These boots are wonderful.  They did hurt the first time I wore them but after breaking them in I have had no issues.  They are waterproof and hold terrain very well.  They also match pretty much any outfit.  I have used them on boulders and large rocks that are up to roughly 60 degree angles and terrain steeper than that and they have not let me down yet.  I have enjoyed using them on numerous hikes and they have so far kept me safe and dry.  Fingers crossed this continues.I am in Southern California and consider these my 'winter' hiking boots.  However, winter for me is nothing like winter in other parts of the world, so take that with a grain of salt.All in all, these have been just what I needed.  Hope this helps!    ","      No quería escribir una opinión hasta usarlas en el campo.Usualmente soy talla 9 americano (en los comentarios recomiendan pedir una talla más, yo no lo hice) pedí talla 9 y me quedaron bien, mi pie es delgado.Son muy ligeras, me lastimaron un poco pero es normal en la primera puesta. Pude caminar sobre piedras muy inclinadas y no resbalé. Las recomiendo mucho, además de ser de calidad son hermosas.    ","      These boots are good for the price point, and I’m pretty happy with them. I live and work in southern Arizona and wanted a full leather boot because a grass seeds have a major tendency to get caught in all the seams of my Keen Targhee 2 boots. While I don’t feel like these shoes have as much arch support, that can be fixed by placing an insole. I also find these very hot and my feet are usually soaked after wearing them for a day. Guess that is the trade off with a full leather boot. I have had cactus spines go through the leather so it’s not impenetrable.These are ok, but would I buy them again? Possibly, but I also might spring for a more expensive pair that didn’t leave my wool socks so soaked that I leave wet spots on the tile after taking off my shoes!    ","      Perfect fit. Wore for 3 hour hike right out of the box. Wish I had bought them sooner    ","      These boots are light weight, sturdy with good ankle support and good teeth on the bottom for gripping.  They are run true to size, but roomy (I like to wear 2 pairs of socks, or when I need heavier socks they will fit),  And the price is right.  I recommend these boots, great value for the price, and I have recommended them to my friends.  Note:  I use my boots for regular hiking, I have not used them for \"extreme hiking.\"  I am not sure if you would need more teeth grip on the sole for that..    ","      I’ve only worn these a handful of times so far (maybe like 5-10 times) but it’s always been through puddles since it is spring time. So far they are completely waterproof, which is one of the main reasons that I got them. The only way water can get into the boot is through the opening in the ankle (obviously). Super cute. I usually wear a size 8 1/2 but went a half size up so I could wear thick socks with them. They are a little big without thick socks but still comfortable. With thick socks they are perfect! I also think these are cute boots too, not bulky but entirely practical. Hopefully they last me years!    ","      Muy cómodas, las usé en bosque en época de lluvia y mis pies permanecieron secos. La talla bien amplia aunque a mí no me generó ningún problema, te da espacio para usar calcetas más gruesas si eres muy frío lento.    ","      These boots are a fairly stiff, not sure if that's just because they need to be worked in, but if I lace them up to fit snug I the metal hook parts hurt my ankles. I've been doing them loser and they're more comfortable that way. They seem to keep water out well but I've only worn them a few times.    ","      Super excited about writing this review I took these bad boys on an intense hike two days after I bought them. Ran them through mud, dirt and water for 9+hrs and my feet were barely even sore, super comfortable, super cute definitely one of my favorite purchases    ","      I really, really liked how these boots looked but the 8.5 (my size) was just a little large. The toe box kept creasing on me and no matter how tight I tried to lace the boot, it would not stop. Then I ordered a pair in 8, but then they were too tight!It was simply a case of my foot not cooperating. I'm sure these are fine boots but I returned them and decided to try a different brand.    ","      Have been looking for a good looking yet comfortable walking/light hiking boot for a couple of years now - this one fits the bill.I have serious,very heavy, non-flexible boots ($250 range) for serious difficult hiking.  Wanted, and couldn't find, a middle weight non-clunky, solid color boot; until now.The only thing I would change would be the sole color.Would prefer a color closer to the rest of the boot so the whole boot looks one color and sleeker.I would color the sole if I thought it would work out - but I am sure it can't be done.Great boot at a great price. I paid $62.00 and bought the grey pair as well.I usually buy my boots a 1/2 size bigger for using thick socks or extra insoles for comfort.  The 1/2 size up from my normal worked well.    ","      I ordered these in my normal size and a size larger. I kept my normal size and even with socks...I had some room in the shoes but I rather them slightly bigger than too small. If you plan to wear thick socks then a larger size may be necessary. Otherwise comfortable. Lightweight. So happy I bought them. No blisters and protected my feet. My suggestion to others would be to buy your normal size and one size bigger...and then decided which fit is better. Some folks might want a fit that’s a little looser to allow different type of socks but some might want a more snug fit.    ","      I work on a horse farm.  Typically walk 10-15 a day.  These boots hold up, they’re waterproof and comfortable!  These are my 2nd pair.  I hope they never stop making them    ","      Love this brand (I always buy my winter coats from Columbia) so I tried these.  I am so happy!!!  They are so comfortable and I have a bad ankle and it keeps it very stable.    ","      The boots felt good intitially. Wore them for the 1st time on a 5.5-mi hike. The shoelaces started to loosen as the hike progressed tho which was a bit iriating as I didn’t want to re-tie them. I had on 2-pairs of socks as usual but they still seem a bit big. I could probably go down a 1/2 size if they were available. I like the construction and the look tho. They are higher around my skinny ankles than my last pair so I’m getting used to that.    ","      I would rate these at a 4.5. I wear an 8.5-9 depending on brand. These had alot more toe room than expected for an 8.5 and I have medium width feet. They are fine with a thicker sock. They're a bit stiff, but after a day of use they'll loosen up. They sit right at the ankle and will rub, but the material will bend with motion. So if you have \"kankles,\" i dont think youll favor these too much. They're very comfortable and warm. I used them on slippery snow pack and held up quite well as far as tread and kept the wet out. Theyre also pretty light in my opinion. Highly recommend for the price!    ","      So far, these boots have held up through a lot of rain and mud while hiking and have stayed comfortable throughout. Not too bulky, but not so tight that I’m unable to wear a hiking sock.    ","      I was a little nervous to get these as the reviews I read were very mixed. However, it sounds like sizing up is the best way to go! I did just that and have no problems so far. You can still feel the top of the shoe on your toe, but nothing painful. Definitely worth the buy as long as you size correctly!    ","      These are ugly looking boots in my opinion, but compared to the Timberland boots we ordered at the same time, these boots were a million times more comfortable.  What's more, they required ZERO break in time.  You could buy these boots and hike all day in them the next day.  Dear daughter did that, in fact, with no blisters or any problems.  Fit is great on these.  For the price and practicality these shoes are definitely worth it, and they're a lot cheaper than Tims.    ","      These are great! Comfortable fit, and basically no breaking in time. Pretty much wore them for a couple hours around the house, then the next day took them on a 5 mile moderate hike with decent sized ups and downs and my feet didnt hurt at all during the hike or after. Fantastic shoes and worth every penny. Definitely be buying another pair when the one ive got wears out.    ","      I've had these boots for about seven months.  Most things I really like, fit, comfort, style, but the two sets of speed lacing hooks near the top are a huge problem for me.  I've had the laces catch a bit over the last seven months, but a few days ago, one of the laces came unhooked from one boot and re-hooked onto the other boot hook.  It was just as if someone had tied my shoelaces together.  I fell forward really hard on the gravel road and landed on my left knee, palms, and nose.  Fortunately, I did not break any bones.  I was really scared, though, since I have osteoporosis and it could have been a lot worse.  As it was, I was picking gravel out of my palms, had a big knot on my knee at first and I still have a bruise on the bridge of my nose.  I ended up just closing the hooks with a pair of needle-nosed pliers to keep that from happening again.  I thought it was just a freak accident, but when I posted on my osteoporosis site, there were two others who said the same thing happened to them.  Lots of companies have gone to speed lacing hooks for the convenience factor, but I'd rather have eyelets for the safety factor.    ","      I bought these for work and the boots did not disappoint! I work outdoors in all weather and often use a hose to clean. These boots keep my feet completely dry all day even in heavy rain and puddles and when I inevitably spray myself with a hose! They took a few days to break in and be comfortable, but now they fit well and don't hurt at all. Traction is really great especially on uneven/slippery surfaces. Kind of pricey, which is expected of Columbia products, but all around solid hiking boots.    ","      Great looking boot, but ordered my usual size and it was a half size too small. Returned and reordered a half size up and they fit with a thick hiking sock.    ","      The boots we delivered very quickly and I was able to break them in pretty well within the first week. Like other reviews state, it would be in your best interest to go up half or a full size. I bought an 11 and would have liked to get a 12 but it was going to cost twice as much. They fit well, I just won't be able to wear thick socks when it gets colder. I wear them everyday and I've noticed my feet are feeling much better than they used to after wearing my previous pair of hiking boots.    ","      I needed a pair of boots for a last minute hiking trip, and ordered these on a whim. Day two of breaking them in, and they are already very comfortable! And I also didn't have to size up, even though I'll be wearing thicker socks--that might vary for someone else, though. Anyway, they're comfy, they fit great, and held up to my 'test hiking' the first day I bought them. 4 stars because I haven't actually been on my trip yet to really test them, but I have high hopes based on what I see so far!!    ","      The first pair I ordered was defective, there was a huge lump in the inside by the ball of my foot. I returned the item and was sent a replacement. Their placement is perfect! This is a strong, well-made shoe. It feels like I need to wear them more to break them in. It helps that I also wear them with thick warm socks. I use these shoes when walking my dog in the winter and to the dog park. I definitely recommend them.    ","      Very comfortable. Nice soft tongue. The only issue I have with this shoe is the way it \"breaks\" when you hike uphill. The crease in the toe box is sharp and can hurt your toes if you aren't careful.    ","      Overall a great shoe. They were comfortable what keeps it from 5stars is  down hill my foot would slide to the front and it hurt my small toes after a while. The shoe runs slightly bigger.    ","      I can’t speak for quality as I will be returning for a smaller size, but they ran big for me. I ordered a size 6, my normal size, and it was way too roomy and didn’t feel secure. Surprising because I’ve never been able to wear 5.5 in any kind of shoes before. So just be mindful, if deciding between two sizes, go with the smaller.    ","      These are a rare boot that actually looks nice. Very comfortable. I wouldn't count on them for heavy duty hiking as the ankle support isn't great. But for all around city or weekend hiking, they are perfect.    ","      Best boots ever owned!  So pleased.  Ordered 1/2 up per customer reviews and was a perfect fit!    ","      I ordered 1/2 size up cause your feet swell when hiking and I’m prone to ingrown toenails. They fit really well and I have room for hiking socks and feet swelling. They are waterproof, so that makes them kind of warm. My feet got a little toasty in August here in the PNW, but not uncomfortably hot but enough that I noticed.    ","      Going to be using them on trip to Ireland    ","      I bought these for my trip to Mendocino, realizing I’ve been hiking in sneakers for too long now. Wow! I didn’t even have to break them in - no blisters and great support on first use. Excellent for mud, brush and slippery surfaces. I felt so at ease trekking the rough terrain. A MUST for anyone who likes to casually hike!    ","      I ordered half a size up and wish I just stayed at my regular size 8. I’ve been hiking a few times and kept my feet warm and dry in the snow and muddy trails. I read many reviews and picked these and very happy with my choice    ","      I was looking for a decent pair of boots for my 14 year old daughter who has 11.5 feet. We go backcountry camping so comfort and good ankle support are key plus a reasonable price. She needed decent hiking socks to give the boots a good fit as her feet are narrow but overall very pleased with this purchase    ","      I am returning these.  They fit fine and seem to be true to size, but they feel a little flimsy and fit and feel more like sneakers than heavy duty boots, which is what I'm looking for.  The tongue also does not seem to be waterproof.  I'm going with Timberlands instead, which I have bought before and really like, though they are not as cute as these Columbias.    ","      These were great for a trip to Iceland. They were a bit large, I am usually a women's 11 but needed more like a 10.5 for this one. I did use inserts and wore multiple layers of socks and it was still too big. They were good, though at keeping water out and were generally comfortable (even as a bit too large). After 10 days of hiking through Iceland it wasn't until the 8th or 9th that my knees or feet started hurting (an issue I've had for a long time) which is really saying a lot, as usually they hurt after just a few hours or walking.    ","      I love these shoes! My first pair of hiking shoes and they kept my feet warm and dry even at 20 degrees. They definitely run a little big, I usually have to size up when I am planning on wearing thick socks but it worked with my usual 8.5! 9 was way too big.    ","      In the add, it says Size fits as expected but they are too small.  I would definitely order a .5 size bigger.  Other than that, they are really nice and light weight.    ","      I ordered these boots for a several weeks trek outside of the country.  I did not have time to try to break them in as I usually do with new boots, so I was a little worried at first.  Through the entire trip of a few weeks, they were very comfortable over rocky, slippery and wet terrain, wore them for at least 8 hours each day.  My feet were thankful, no discomfort or rubbing in sensitive areas and the boots are lightweight.  I have a medium high instep and I walked in comfort the entire trip. I would recommend.    ","      Great looking boot but I returned them due to the toe box collapsing. It happened on the 7 which was a little big and again when I tried the 6.5 on at a store. That size fit perfectly but the toe collapse was a no go. Surprisingly the same boot in the AMPED version fit great and didn’t collapse so I bought those instead in the store. The sizing was different so I got them in a 7. Ordering shoes online has its con’s.    ","      I hiked my Washington in these! I was nervous because apparently you are supposed to break in hiking boots before a big hike. These were perfect straight out of the box 10/10!!    ","      My first hike in my new boots was over 6 miles. I only got blisters on one toe. That was not the hiking boots fault for this toe gets blisters in all my hiking boots if I’m going down hill a lot.    ","      This boot is warm and waterproof and runs true ro size. I bought 2 colors and they are both much darker than shown. Not a deal breaker for me but just a caution.    ","      Don’t typically right reviews but these shoes are comfy. Novice hiker, so I think they worked well for me! Would buy again. Bought .5 size up to allow space for thicker socks.    ","      I purchased these for hiking. First day I got them, I went hiking in a stream. These were great with traction for the most part and are definitely water proof. I went with a 1/2 of a size larger, due to my feet swelling when I hike and they were perfect. Colors are great and I had no issues with breaking them in. Just make sure you wear long socks to prevent your ankles from rubbing on the inside of the boot!    ","      I bought these shoes to try for crime scenes since we go out in all kinds of weather. We recently had a scene in pouring rain and wind. These boots kept my feet warm and dry, even standing in puddles for extended periods.They fit really well and are super comfortable.    ","      I’ve been on two hiking trails in Texas for the last two weeks and I love these boots.  They provide great ankle support also. They are comfortable, sturdy and can sustain you on any rocky, muddy, smooth and uneven terrain.    ","      These are great simple hiking boots. I wouldn’t say they have intense tread, but much much better than your average gym shoe. Excellent ankle support as that was crucial to me. The style is cute and functional and the laces are pretty good, only having to retie 1-2 times on a 10 hour hike.    ","      ¡Me encantaron! Las compré para hacer senderismo y son ultraligeras y comodísimas, además de ser repelentes al agua. He hecho caminata de 10 kms y no cansan en lo absoluto.La mayoría de los comentarios decían que eran “true size” pero vienen amplias. Las pedí en 4.5 mx y siento que me quedaron al menos 1/2 número más grandes. Solamente las ajusto bien y listo. Ampliamente recomendables, a un excelente precio y calidad.    ","      These hiking boots rule. They have weathered all four seasons, going through mud, snow, grass and over rocks, and they don't skip a beat. They keep my feet comfortable after 10 miles, they keep them warm in snow, they keep them dry from water or mud. and they're easy to keep clean.    ","      I really needed some boots that wouldn’t hurt after days on my feet and would be easy to clean if mud got on them. I work in dog care and the like so- i’m always walking, running and getting dirty. Wore these shoes for an overnight trip with 9 big dogs and they did great with keeping my feet from feeling like death and they were an easy wipe down to get rid of mud. Very sturdy and a great product considering the price. I feel content that they won’t get destroyed on me anytime soon :)    ","      Haven' t hiked with them yet, but seem very sturdy, well-made, and they're comfortable. I'm happy with the purchase, BUT I would have gotten another color if they were all the same price.  I got the least expensive black ones. I think charging more money for certain colors is ludicrous. C'mon! It should be one price, whatever color you choose. That's why I'm giving Columbia 3 stars.    ","      As a geologist a good pair of hiking boots is a must. I wore them for a weekend straight recently and they were awesome. They are a tiny bit more narrow than i prefer but for half the price of keens i am very happy. Plus they are indeed water proof (had no issues walking in small puddles/wet grass. My feet stayed dry)! They will be traveling with me this summer to Colorado and India and i will update after those trips to see if they are still comfortable and how they hold up to 2 months of straight use.    ","      These boots arrived just on time before a camping trip to Yosemite, and the first time ever that I wore them, was to hike El Capitan! That's an 8 hour, 15 mile hike, with several thousand feet of elevation gain through stones, boulders, trees and slippery slabs of rock. I was worried they might hurt my feet since I hadn't been able to \"break\" them first, but not only did they not hurt at all, but their grip kept me safe through some really slippery rock inclines. I have raved about them ever since! I LOVE THEM.    ","      Muy cumplidos gracias    ","      These shoes are a dream! I’m quite clumsy when I walk, and I knew it wouldn’t be any different while hiking, but these kept my feet safe with the awesome ankle support. The bed of the foot is wide enough for my wide/monkey feet, and remained waterproof even while stepping into the river for some water. I thought I would need to break them in but they were ready to go out of the box. I’d definitely recommend buying these. For reference, I’m usually a 7.5 in women but I sized up to an 8 and, paired with some wool socks, they fit perfect. Happy trekking!    ","      Me quedaron Perfectos    ","      Been hiking a few times in these. Great ankle support and the hold up well climbing up mountains. I have not used them in snow or very rainy weather but so far they have held up pretty well.    ","      I have REALLY narrow feet, high arches and overpronate. I usually wear 8.5-9 and got a 9 and they fit great, roomy enough for thick socks if I need them. They have great support, not arch support really but they keep me from overpronating which takes pressure off my arches. They aren't too clunky either. I bought them for a class I'm taking that goes on field trips. It was going to be 100+ degrees so I wore low socks and it was a mistake, they rubbed my ankles pretty raw. I'll wear ankle socks next time, though. Otherwise, they're really comfortable and cute.    ","      These are comfortable and durable    ","      These boots are great so far! Have been on two hikes with them and NO complaints. They did not need to be broken in either, which is a bonus. I would definitely recommend these! I did size up by 1/2 because I like to wear thick socks and still be able to move my toes around comfortably.**my family hikes for fun, so don't know how these would be on long trips/\"professional\" hikes    ","      I went to the local sporting goods store and tried on these shoes to ensure I had the right size. The arch support is minimal, so I replaced the insoles with better ones. They are warm and didn’t need any real “breaking in” before taking them on a hiking trip.The tongue of the shoe does fall forward on one boot (right), but that may be because of the way I walk (?).I’m glad I bought these! Fit true to size.    ","      Love these sturdy boots, cute too. Originally the price caught my eye, but the quality sold me. Waterproof, leather and comfortable. Plenty of room and nice color and laces combination.    ","      The tan and red Columbia shoes I had been buying for years jumped $30, so I wanted to give these a shot.  I love them!  I wear orthotics and a heel lift.  Work great with these shoes.    ","      I had to get a half size bigger than my normal shoe size. Other than that great waterproof hiking boot!    ","      Love these boots to wear for work, hiking, trail walking or even shopping.  They’re stylish, have good ankle support, and are about as comfortable a boot as you can find. I wore them recently on a trip to central New York and with a pair of Carhart heavier socks, my feet got a little cold when outside for an hour or so, but not bad at all, and to be honest I didn’t buy them as a winter boot anyhow.    ","      Comfortable, supportive. Works well with any kind of casual attire (like jeans) even when you're not hiking. Took only a day or two to break them in.    ","      I have a large foot (size 11 and on the wide side) and after reading the other reviews, I decided to go for it with these boots and ordered my regular size. I'm so glad I did because they fit and felt great on my feet right out of the box. I've never owned Columbias before but I rarely experience this much ease with purchasing shoes and having them fit well immediately, so I'm already impressed. I have yet to go on a hike with them and will certainly make updates here if my experiences change, but so far while wearing these hiking boots for a few hours here and there to break them in, I am more comfortable than I am in most shoes.    ","      I love these boots! I spent the first half of the summer hiking in my tennis shoes and now after hiking in these boots, I can't believe how much time I wasted in the wrong shoes. These boots have sturdy soles making rocky trails bearable, perfect ankle support, and keep your feet dry in rainy conditions. Also, they are attractive which can be harder to find in hiking boots than one may think. Columbia is a great brand for quality at a reasonable price. You don't pay as much for the logo.    ","      Honestly, I love this shoe. Bought it so I can do a lot more of hiking and for the first time I did put them in use it worked very well. I did a 24 mile hike, back and forth, on a dirt trail to Havasu Reservation and it supported me very well and it is very light. The down side is it did give me blisters, but I believe it was my fault for not wearing a thicker socks since I did buy a half size bigger than my regular size. Other than that I love it!    ","      I got these and I  really like them. They fit just right and they are comfortable. They seem to be well made! I like that they are waterproof! I am looking forward to using them often!    ","      Habituellement je porte du 6.5 dans mes chaussure et je voulais un peu plus grand pour mettre un gros bas... les bottes sont ultras confortable et me laisse de l'espace comme prévu pour mon bas! Je suis complètement en amour avec le produit. Wow!    ","      I found these to be comfy hiking boots.    ","      Fit and look great, none slip soles    ","      If you've been looking at these for a while.. BUY THEM!! I'm so happy I did. I had honestly been looking at these shoes for months before I took the plunge and bought them. I had a trip coming up with LOTS of hiking and I wasn't liking anything I was finding in stores. Breaking them in took maybe 1-2 days, it was easy and not painful. Since then, I've worn them while hiking Yosemite, the Grand Canyon, and Zion / Angel's Landing. I almost never write reviews, but I definitely 10/10 would recommend.    ","      Love these boots    ","      Amazing shoes. I am working 10 hours a day and all the time on my feet walking. I make 10 miles walking every day. I have these shoes for four days already and I must say the experience wearing them is priceless. They are soft and comfortable, high enough so my shin does not hurt. My heels won’t hurt either. No blisters and they look awesome. There was no special needs for breaking them, I just put them on and was good to go. They are waterproof for sure, already checked that too. All in all these shoes are amazing. If I jave to buy again I will purchase the same. Amazing    ","      I love these boots!! I wear them often. I did upgrade the laces though! Only because I love the color red. The boots are comfortable, my feet stay warm & so far they've kept my feet dry! I haven't hiked in them yet but I plan on it soon!!    ","      They look great! good waterproof and all-weather protection. The sole is tough, good grip in terrain. After a 30 km hike, I they got to heavy and started to hurt on the ankles. I have really thin ankles, so even though I tie them as tight as possible they started to feel uncomfortable after the 20 km. Still like them, but would not recommend if you plan on using them for long hikes.    ","      There are now 4 pairs of these boots in my immediate family. I bought my pair after my mom and a couple of my sisters each got some and loved them. One sister wore hers to hike the Grand Canyon earlier this year. The rest of us wore ours on less strenuous hikes in the Rocky Mountains and Big Bend National Park.I wear a Women's 10/10.5 so I went with a 10.5 and I'm glad I did. I wouldn't say that they run small, just that it's nice to be able to wear thick hiking socks. Also, you may want to get an insole as there isn't tons of cushion/arch support.    ","      I absolutely love this boot! I ordered it just before I went on a trip where I hiked quite a bit. I never had to break them in, I just put them on and went! I was hesitate about sizing because of some of the reviews I read on here so I ended up just getting my normal size and it fit perfectly!    ","      Ordered and then it got lost in shipping but I contacted Amazon and they sent another pair out immediately.  Was exactly what I wanted!    ","      The front black rubber peeled off from the leather surface (~2 inches) during the 1st trip after  wearing about one week.    ","      These shoes are awesome. They fit perfect.  They are light weight and made extremely well.  They are all that I have come to expect from the Columbia brand. I never had to break them in as with my other boots as well by Columbia.  They never hurt my feet. Put them on right out of the box and wore them all day with no problems at all. They are extremely comfortable.    ","      I am a size 6 but ordered a black size 6.5. This was the perfect shoe for long hikes. After a week in Utah, this shoe helped me survive it all. I am overweight and with a previously broken foot. However this shoe was so comfortable and helped me last all day long without pain.    ","      Love these hiking boots! Very comfortable fit and true to size. I was looking for boots that give decent ankle support but are still flexible, and these boots definitely provide that. Will definitely purchase again once I need a new pair!    ","      I love them. I went to machu picchu, rainbow mountain, walked a lot for 10 consecutive days without any concern with this new boots. Very comfortable!!!!!    ","      Second pair of these for my daughter who outgrew the last pair.  These are actually waterproof and not just \"kind of\" waterproof.  Excellent fit and support and they look fantastic too,  Perfect hiker.    ","      I have terrible feet, so I need a good stable yet comfortable shoe for walking. I thought I would order these and give them a try. Not only are they comfortable, but they hold up very well. I took a hike with a few somewhat challenging hills, and I didn't have any problems. I love these. They are also very warm, which means they may not be great for warm weather.    ","      Not sure - just got these and was impressed by the massive positive reviews. I am a beginner, so I don't need the most expensive and baddest boot out there, but I would like something comfortable as I decide if hiking is for me or not. The first thing I want to know is are these really leather? The box and the boot decline to identify what I consider that textured rubber look and smell - the description of the boot on Amazon says they are indeed leather, but I suspect they are not and will peel away. Anyone? It may be the ultimate deciding point on whether I keep them and give them a try or not.I ordered a half size up to accommodate a heavier sock and possibly a foot bed liner as I do better with than without those. Advice on this end is also welcome.  Remember, I'm a beginner.    ","      Solo las he usado una semana y dan la impresión de tener mucho uso.    ","      I never write reviews for products but these boots are great. These are great quality for the price and $20 cheaper on here than from the actual companies website. No leaks, completely waterproof. Wore them for a 7 mile hike right out of the box and was fine, no blisters or rubs. Consider sizing up half a size for room for thicker socks. Definitely worth the money!!    ","      I bought these for a week of hiking and they held up great. They were comfortable and supported my ankles well. I had no problem breaking them in and they did not cause any chafing, especially with thick socks. I was worried about the dark brown being too dark but it looks lighter outside (and when covered in dirt!) I did notice some creases around the toe area due to extra space as others mentioned as well, but this did not cause any functional problems.    ","      I bought these boots for a cross country trip. I read many articles on “best hiking boots” and this one was in the top 3 in every article. I opened the box and let me just say this is a beautiful boot. I love the colors and it is not too chunky looking, a really pretty boot. I picked up the boot and it is lightweight. I put the boot on and it fit perfectly it is very comfortable. I thought to my self, I’ve got the perfect boot!!!! I took my first step and what is that toe pinching pain!!! O-no this cant be right, the boot is so pretty. Maybe if I march or walk without bending my toe, I attempted to walk/march/waddle from the living room to the kitchen and it was no use, the toe pinching feeling was horrible. This is not the boot I’ve been looking for. I know finding a good quality comfortable hiking boot is difficult but keep looking, these are not the shoes for you.    ","      The shoe is fantastic but it does bend when you walk and makes that toe crease so your toes might get irritated after a long day of walking/hiking    ","      Stiff upper portion took awhile to break in. Wear thick socks that are mid calf high, and you may prevent chafing at ankles. The toe box doesn’t feel tight, but trim toenails short to avoid poking holes in socks. I think they are waterproof, but noticed some mid-toe leaking after walking in heavy snow.    ","                                                                                                                                                                De media kon niet worden geladen.                                                                                    ","      These boots are comfortable right out of the box!  My husband got a pair of the men's boots and we wore them for a 3 and a half mile hike through muddy slush and our feet stayed warm and dry. The boots are lightweight and feel more like tennis shoes. After reading some of the reviews, I ordered a half size larger than my regular shoe size and they fit perfectly with my gel insoles and wool socks.    ","      I wear a 7 1/2 and the shoe feels too big. I wasn’t able to return/exchange due to the time limit. I wish I would have gotten a size 7 instead. But overall great shoe!    ","      Recieved these boots yesterday wore them around the house for a bit. I have high arches. No arch support in these for me. Put insoles in. Fit perfect. Took them on a two hour hike today. Comfortable and warm. No rubbing and good ankle support.    ","      I didn’t realize they were women’s boots when I bought them. My son wears them as snow boot, he liked the color so that why I got the boots. When I found out they were women’s I never told him so it worked out.    ","      I Iike these boots VERY much.  They are truly waterproof and fit well with regular socks.  They were a little stiff when I first wore them, but they are molding nicely to the shape of my feet.  I would recommend these boots to anyone who likes to hike over rough terrain.    ","      These boots are so comfortable and light weight.    ","      Love theses boots, fit perfect and very comfortable. I always get a 1/2 size larger in boots and they fit great, I where 7 1/2 and ordered an 8, also have room to move your toes.I have planter fasciitis and my feet always hurt, I have been buying keen targhee and at first they where great but for some reason my feet have changed and they now hurt my feet. I decided to try the Columbia Newton and love them so far.Also you can remove the inserts and put your own in.    ","      Love these !! Theyre my first pair of hiking boots and are great if you're looking for a cheap pair of boots without sacrificing quality. I broke them in on a 10 mile hike (usually a bad idea) with no backup shoes and they were just fine. Definitely follow the size chart and go bigger if you're in between sizes.    ","      Waterproof and sturdy, but definitely not warm winter boots. My feet are a little on the wide side so they took some breaking in but all in all very good general use hiking boots! Bought them for a week in Iceland in winter and ended up wearing snow boots the majority of the time because even with wool socks these didn’t keep hm feet warm. There’s good arch support.    ","      True to size. Lots of room. I order hiking shoes a 1/2 size up so I can wear thick socks. Not sure what the problem was with some reviews and the shoe cutting into the toes. Not a problem for me.    ","      Wore these hiking in Colorado and I can’t say enough good about them. Price is right & so is the fit! Buy them!    ","      These are photos of left boot after 3.5 hrs having them on. I rang several numbers to ask what to do but everyone I spoke to directed me to another one.    ","      I really like these boots.  Today is my first day to wear them and so far they are very comfortable.  I have previously bought the Women's Dakota Drifter Trail Shoe, also by Columbia, and had good luck with them.  I found that these are true to size.  I normally wear a 5.5 in a pump or a 6 in flats or sneakers.  This pair is a size 6 and fits perfectly.  I don't plan on doing a lot of hiking in them, I just wanted a good pair of boots.  So far these fit the bill.    ","      These boots fit me perfectly! I hiked 5 miles the first time I wore them and they were very comfortable. The toe area did fold right above my big toe so I can see how others found that uncomfortable, however, it was not issue for me. I am really pleased woth this purchase!    ","      Fits well, I made a mistake in wearing short socks and I got blisters on our hike.    ","      Très bonnes bottes! Je conseil de les \"casser\" avant de les porter pour une longue expédition.    ","      Waterproof and sturdy hiking boots give my flat feet the strongest support. The width is correct, but I find the size 6 seems smaller than usual, squeezing my toes.    ","      These hiking boots were exactly what I was looking for. I ordered half a size up just to be safe (7.5) and they fit very comfortably! I wore them for the first time on a 5 mile hike and had minimal discomfort from what you would expect from breaking in a new pair of boots. They are high quality and durable. I definitely recommend.    ","      I have worn these outside everyday to do yard work for well over a year and they're the best boots for the price. I am taking them hiking in a couple weeks for the first time so I will update on whether or not the toe buckled or I tripped because the shoelace caught the eye of the other boot😂    ","      Felt comfortable the minute I put them on.  They didn't need any break in for me.  I was a tad unsure about them as I have had problems with ankle height boots rubbing around the top.  these didn't bother me at all.  So far, they have been waterproof.  I live in a rainy climate and so they pass that test for me.  Some call these middle of the line hiking boots. For me, they were a bit expensive, but worth every penny I spent on them.    ","      This is the second pair I’ve ordered in the past year (one in blue and one in brown).  They are great for icy, cold, wet, winter days, I bought them one size larger so that I could wear them with a thick sock.  I need the padded sock because the shoe is not very soft.  The shoe has excellent traction and the color selection is very appealing.  Looks more expensive than the asking price.    ","      These are great waterproof boots. I bought them for the Spring and Fall when I can't wear sneakers when I hike. They keep my feet from getting muddy and wet. They are a little stiff until they got worked in. I could only wear them for about an hour to two hours before I needed to take them off but after a few wears they were so much better plus if you wear thicker socks that helps too.    ","      I hiked at Red Rock Canyon's Calico Basin Trail at Las Vegas, and these shoes gave me the confidence to finish the trail despite the steeper parts. I also walked two miles in the pouring rain and no water got in. I'm very satisfied with these boots!    ","      I would like to give them 5 stars. Needed to put shoe liners and wear heavy socks run big. Lacing could be better firm boots.  In process of breaking them in they are comfortable. They are sterdy strong waterproof.  I like the way they look.    ","      Soy de pie delgado y puedo llegar a ser 2.5 en zapatos y pedí en 3. Se ajustaron muy bien, son ligeros y excelentes para caminar.    ","      Loved the shoe, a little tight, did not like the fact of no real arch support. I need that when hiking.    ","      This is my second pair of Columbia boots.  I bought a suede pair that I just love, but wanted a pair to wear out and get dirty.  These are great...comfortable, sized right, waterproof and reasonably priced....bought on sale.    ","      Very comfortable shoes, they also look very stylish. Took them on a hiking trip recently to Hawaii, kept my feet comfortable all day. Also kept my feet dry in wet conditions. This is my second pair of the shoe, I passed along my old ones to my daughter. I would definitely buy these again and highly recommend them!If you found this helpful please click the button below :)    ","      The boots are very comfortable however after about 4 months the seams started conking undone. Now there is a hold in the side from a seam coming undone and I cannot do anything about it because I’ve had them so long. This is the second pair I have had this problem with and the first one happened within the same amount of time. If your going to spend a good penny on boots don’t get these keep looking.    ","      I was worried about the toe pinching issue some people had, I’ve had a lot of issues with toes in closed toe shoes. No problems and didn’t need to break in, wore straight to a pretty challenging  couple hour hike with no problems    ","      This was my first hiking shoe. I used these to camp out for several days in backcountry Utah and also wore them every day while working for nature conservation where we spend time time in the freezing mountains, the dessert, and also in and out of streams in all kinds of weather conditions. These have been my saving grace. Although I didn’t  know what to expect from hiking boots, these seemed to have satisfied my need. I highly recommend if you’re new to hiking or camping.    ","      In this past few days of snow sleet and ice, I have had the benefit of my new hiking boots!  They are quite comfortable, and look great.  Held up to the inclement weather without any damage to the boots!    ","      These were purchased for my daughter, we do a lot of day hikes around the area we live.  They are lightweight enough to not be super hot in our hot weather but provide a good arch and ankle support for the uneven terrain.  The price point was really great for this quality boot.    ","      I took these babies hiking and my feet did not hurt and they looked so cute on me. I plan to get more in different colors    ","      I love these boots! I have been wearing them constantly for the last five years, and they are still extremely well-fitting, support your feet, and have amazing grip.    ","      The boots are very comfortable, light weight and fit well - the first time I put them on I wore them in total comfort for several hours!  Since then, I have been wearing them all day long with no pinching or binding.  The quality and construction are superior.  They are very well made and attractive.  I am very pleased with the purchase and would  recommend this brand and style to anyone looking for a good moderately priced hiking/walking shoe.    ","      Bought these a year ago and have worn them a lot. I have tons of foot problems - bunions, no arches, arthritis in my toes and plantar fasciitis, so finding shoes that work is difficult. I did need to add a 3/4-insert with a bit of extra heel padding, but spent five days walking and sight-seeing in NY City right after I bought these and my feet did great! (Yeah, I know, hiking boots on the streets of NY = stylish.) I've also worn them for multiple longish hikes. Highly recommend!    ","      These were great. No need to break in. I walk/ hike daily 3-8 miles. The soles lasted only six months but that's probably due to the mileage. I ordered a replacement pair in the grey and they were more problematic. The grey pair has some spots that rub inside and caused blisters. No sock change, no trail change, no foot change; it makes no sense! The greys are uncomfortable and I have to use other ones to go the distances I'm used to. I now use the greys for brief errands.    ","      This is a great boot for hiking. It is waterproof and comfortable!    ","      These have made it up whiteface mountain and Greylock mountain with me in the dead of winter. They're supportive and great quality for the price point. However, they lack insulation so I always wear wool socks. They're waterproof which is awesome too. I love them and they hold a special place in my heart as being my first pair of hiking boots! Size 7.5 fit perfectly for me and is my usual size.    ","      What a wonderful boot! This is my second pair and I love the lightweight and waterproof of this boot. Super comfortable. True to size with room for a thicker sock. I originally ordered a half size larger and had to send that back. Typical hiking boots don't give me the room for thicker sock and foot flex. This boot fits nicely and allows for foot movement without toes jamming into the boot. I really love this boot! I highly recommend them and order them in your true size.    ","      Lightweight yet solid. Walked all day and feet were ok    ","      I really wanted to like these shoes! However, unless you are walking on even ground or pavement, you will get blisters! I’ve worn these on hikes in Utah and I have horrible blisters after 1 day under 10 miles of hiking. I recently brought these on a backpacking trip in Virginia on a rainy day, and had to take them off after about 3 hours and switch to my barefoot shoes (which got soaked, but no blisters) after I started to feel my skin rubbing. I wear these now as rain boots.    ","      I purchased these boots for my mother to do work in the yard.  However, they were so cute she could actually where them while she is out and about.  The picture does not do them justice.  They are true to size and of great quality.    ","      The boots were perffect for what I needed. I did purchase mink oil with them and applied that before ussing. I wore them all day in the hot sun and they did not make my feet overly hot and they stayed comfortable all day. I did not need to break them in as they felt good right out of the box. I bought them in hopes of something light wieght, rugged when on rough terrain, and waterproof, I am very happy with the product.    ","      I use these boots all the time. They are comfortable and not to heavy. They laces stay tied and they come to a good spot above the ankle and are supportive. The color hasn't faded and they keep the moisture out very well.    ","      What a great hiking bootie!! They are soooo comfortable, love the ankle support!! I didn’t even have to break them in! Hiked for 8hours with them in Banff and many other mountains, definitely worth the purchase!    ","      Very comfortable.  Would definitely recommend.    ","      True to size. I wear a 9.5 running shoe, and an 8.5 in any other shoe. I ordered the 8.5, and it’s perfect. I did a 5 mile hike to break them in, and then did 8 miles the next day on the AT.    ","      I bought these for memorial weekend to use while riding quads and these were so comfortable and durable. I absolutely was surprised how good these boots fit and we're so comfortable.    ","      I love that they are waterproof and comfortable. I have worn them several times hiking and they have been awesome!    ","      Defective boot, how did this pass inspection.  One insole shorter than the length of the boot    ","      Fit perfect & so comfortable    ","      I spent a couple of days breaking them in. And they worked great! I spent a couple of days hiking and Yosemite National Park and they did a great job.I order my size.    ","      I did three back to back days of hiking through UT and AZ, with wool socks, and there was still plenty of room in the shoe; comfy but not too roomy. I don't think half a size up is necessary at all. I did not experience any severe bending or dips in the toe box area i'm grateful to say. I recommend these shoes, definitely waterproof and sturdy for a great price.    ","      I am very happy with my new boots.  I was afraid to order hiking boots online.  They are great!  My walking shoes had been getting soaked while walking my dog each morning.  Ugh!  Now when I get home my feet are dry.  Good ankle support and fit well.    ","      I had bones removed from my right foot so I'm always looking for the most comfortable shoe; especially for hiking! This were the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn out in the wilderness! 10/10!!!    ","      These shoes were a lifesaver for hiking! I had only ever hiked in running shoes and would get horrible, horrible blisters. I didn't even have to wear these in, they fit so well. I was afraid because they seemed narrow with hiking liners and socks on -- but they're turning out to be very malleable shoes that break in well. All of my other friends had wet feet by the end of the hike and these boots kept my feet dry and blister free. Great purchase for hiking, would recommend to anyone over running shoes :)    ","      Great hiking boots! Took them all over Seattle Washington and Alaska. Wear the right socks and you will have no problem.    ","      Great shoes! I am not a ‘serious hiker’ but these are super comfy to just wear as winter boots and are good for light hiking which what I have used for.  For the price and my intended use, these were a great choice!    ","      These boots are very comfortable, waterproof and easy to match!I’ve been to a few different hikes and it has a great ankle support. I definitely recommend it.    ","      Boot runs a little big. Maybe with a big sock.Comfy, secure, light weight and great ankle support. I love them. Next time i will get a half size smaller. I have skinny feet size 7    ","      Pulled the trigger on these before a strenuous 12 mile hike. Had only worn them twice on casual walks. I have really bad feet and my feet lasted and I only got 1 small blister. I had to add inserts for more arch support for my poor feet but love these!    ","      The boot itself is great. However, it does not fit me at all. It pinches at the toe pivot and hurts the top of my foot. The pivot point is simply at the wrong place for me. They may be perfect for others, but be prepared to return them.    ","      I was highly satisfied with the level of comfort and support these boots provided me. I’ve gone hiking multiple times in them and they successfully withstand mud, water, and rough terrain. I love the design and actual look of the shoe. Fits great and matches description. Would definitely recommend for anyone seeking a comfortable and reliable shoe.    ","      These boots are awesome. So light I thought the package was empty when it arrived! I wear 8 in regular shoes but since these are for hiking and thicker socks I went with size 8.5 and they are perfect. Look smaller in size, more like size 7.5. Can't wait to wear them on a hiking trip this weekend. They feel like no breaking in will be required. Perfect right out of the box.    ","      These shoes fit perfectly to size as my other shoes. They are great with getting wet and the grip is good. They aren’t uncomfortable to break in and the ankle support is awesome!    ","      I ordered these for my wife , she always uses columbia boots for work . This style is a little different than her usual pair , but she loves the way they fit , and likes this style better .    ","      Great hiking boot, very comfortable and lightweight. Fits larger than expected - I normally wear size 8.5 and the 8 is roomy especially around the toes. I tried 7.5 and it was a bit snug so went with the 8.    ","      I love these boots! I read a lot of reviews concerning comfort of theses babies, but I have had no issues! I bought one size up, based on reviews and suggestions and definitely don't regret it! Leaves me plenty of room to wear with wool socks when it's a bit colder, but I can also wear them with thinner socks without compromising a comfortable fit while hiking in warmer weather (which is all year round in Texas.) With thinner socks, I just make sure my laces are tight and I'm good to go! The color of these is also true to what is shown. Overall these boots look and feel great :)    ","      Love these boots. Quality material and look nice w leggings or jeans. Like that the inside material is not lined w fur. Feet stay warm but feet don't get hot. Sprayed em w waterproof spray and water stays out. Like the sturdy shoelaces.    ","      They were okay for the first few hikes when I was breaking them in. Decided to go on a 5 mile hike and ended up getting them wet while crossing a river. After that it went downhill. Ended up with awful blisters in the back of my feet. My foot removed around in them a lot once they were a bit wet too. They’re fine if they’re dry- just try not to get them drenched or they’ll become extremely uncomfortable.    ","      Love these boots.  I bought them for a recent trip to Iceland.  These kept my feet warm and dry even when my foot got completely submerged in a cold stream.  They are also very comfortable.  We did a LOT of walking on that trip and I never had an issue with these.  They do run big.  I usually wear 7 or 71/2. I ordered 71/2 to make sure I had room for thick socks and they are still a tad large.    ","      These are so comfortable! I love them. They're very cute, comfortable and have great grip. I feel like I could walk all day in them, and I have! Even as I've broken them in, they started out comfortable and have only gotten more comfortable!    ","      Broke these in while in Colorado.  Never once hurt my feet and I have extremely high arches. Best purchase in a while.    ","      Got these on Thursday and hiked Mount Washington on Saturday and I have not one complaint about these shoes. They made it to the summit with ease. They were comfortable, offered support, and did not weigh me down. I didn’t get a single blister despite this being the first time I wore them.    ","      I work in construction and was looking for a lightweight boot that would hold up to the mud and weather. These boots are perfect, they are extremely water proof and I love the style as well. They are not extremely warm so make sure to wear the right socks in the winter. I did wear them hiking after they were broken in and I got blisters on the tops of my toes, which I thought was weird. Good for everyday work boots, not great for long hikes!    ","      I love these boots. Great fit  & terrific grip on the trail. Plus they are waterproof.    ","      Very comfortable out of the box and warm for winter hiking.    ","      Ces bottes sont parfaites...wowww    ","      These boots did the job and required no break in period. First hike in them was a 7 mile loop with a 90% incline (lots of scrambling) in 110 degrees weather. My feet were never too warm even though the hike was completely Un-shaded. They handled and supported like a dream. If you want something comfortable, cute and reasonably priced. There are the ones for you. 10/10 would recommend. Thanks for coming to my ted talk.    ","      Awesome boot - waterproof and fits great. Have used it in the snow as well as on a hike to the bottom of the Grand Canyon and back up. Only complaint is the tongue constantly sticks out and won’t stay in which results in rocks and gravel getting in pretty easily if I’m not careful. It also just looks weird.    ","      I tried so many different shoes, but this one is true to size and fits perfectly. It is so comfortable, I could go hiking right away with this shoe, without having to wear them in. Love it! Came packaged very well too.    ","      The most comfortable boot I’ve ever worn.  From the moment I slipped my feet into them for the first time.  I’m ready to buy another pair.    ","      I had purchased a pair of boots a while back and unfortunately went with my usual shoe size and they were just too tight. I needed a new pair for an upcoming trip and got these in a 9 and they fit so much better! They seem to be great quality too.    ","      Got these for my wife for our longer hikes. They fit really well. They're not terribly heavy for their size and are very solid in their construction, we've done a few big hikes now and they've held up great. They are fully closed though so will get hot in warm weather.    ","      Super comfortable to wear all day. They don’t get too hot in warmer temperatures and didn’t feel like they were weighing me down. I usually wear a ladies 7 and these felt just a tiny bit too big but wore hiking socks and felt fine. I wore them for a 3-4 hour hike for the first time, no blisters or any irritation. Over all I really love these boots. Highly recommended!    ","      Really great fit and very comfortable right out of the box. I put in a cushier insole since the one that came with it was to thin. I recommend these.    ","      Wife loves the boots    ","      The fit and performance and looks are great. However, after having worn them one year in only cold wet and winter weather on my daily 2 mile walks on my neighborhood sidewalks, the heel surface has worn off and worn clear through on the left heel.  I feel the soles on these hiking boots should have lasted longer.    ","      I love these boots- they fit great, feel great, and are comfortable on long hikes, or even just wearing around town. However, the boots are not waterproof. Hiking in the snow, or even in just some puddles will get the inside of the shoe wet. My socks didn't really get wet, but the inside of the boots were damp and had to dry overnight before being used again. Even with the small issue of them not being waterproof, I definitely suggest them.    ","      Love these boots!  So comfortable and great to hike in!  Bought a pair of brown and black ones!!    ","      I wear a size 5.5 in shoes on average and got a 5.5 in these. The only place that bothered my when \"breaking in\" in the shoes was the back which was stiff and dug into my ankle a bit (but that's really easy to soften).I just got back from a field trip in my geology class. We hiked and camped in temperatures ranging from 50-20deg F and these kept my kept my feet dry even after traipsing through mud and water. It's got a good traction on the sole and the ankle support really helps.I wouldn't mind paying a little more for better arch support and overall sole comfort, but they aren't uncomfortable.Great hiking boots, great price.    ","      I finally ordered myself a pair of hiking boots and I couldn’t be happier with these!! I used them for light trail walking and for harder terrain and I felt supported in the ankle, great on the bottom of my feet. All around great value and support!! I plan on ordering a pair for my sister I love them so much    ","      Fit very well. Looking forward to my next hike.    ","      Would buy again!    ","      They are very sturdy and comfortable. They have a very hard toe to protect you from rocks, solid bottom, and nice laces. Would definitely recommend it to anyone who likes hiking!    ","      Lightweight, comfortable, waterproof. These were delivered last week and I've walked about 50kms in them. No blisters, fit correctly, I'm really pleased!    ","      The boots were perfect for my hike through the Guadalupe National Park in West Texas.  They are also great to wear in the cold just running errands.  I considered my purchase money well spent!    ","      I loved the look and fit of these shoes, I was really excited trying them on. The fit was true to size. But then I started walking around my house and immediately noticed the material above the toes caves inward with every step, and presses firmly down into my knuckles. I’m sad but I sent the back. There was NO WAY I could make it on a trail in these.    ","      For not breaking in these boots before a 10 day hike with the national parks. These were perfect… even handed angels landing like a champ!!    ","      I LOVEEEE these hiking boots and I always get compliments on the looks. They're very durable and they hold my ankle stable when climbing and walking. I've raved to numerous people about these boots and will be purchasing again when I wear these out!    ","      They fit as expected and they lend my ankles the support they need. I have worn them hiking a few times now and they make climbing up rocks, slopes, and uneven terrain much easier. Looking forward to seeing how they hold up long term.    ","      Nice looking boot & seems well made.  The fit is narrow on my medium width foot.  First time out ended up with a blister on my big toe where the boot flexes, after only about 4 miles.  Also the foot bed is not very resilient & needs lots of break in.  I’ll keep them & keep trying to break in gradually since I threw out the packing materials after first tried on.    ","      Boots fit perfect    ","      These hiking boots are comfortable but could use a bit more padding.  I like the look also.  Mostly, I use them when walking my dogs.  It was a great purchase!    ","      Definitely recommend. They’re so comfy and they really helped my hikes. They’re not heavy and they have really great grip for rockier/steeper hikes. I was worried they would be too thin for my fat feet but they were good!    ","      I haven’t took these bad boys out in the rain yet, but I hope to soon. They look good and fit good. Hug my feet in a warm, supportive way, not tight. I bought them to work (field-based) desert.    ","      The shoe laces are way to long!  I have to double tie them. I feel like a little kid. I'm 60 years old. LOL  I wish they were the right size for the boots I bought.  But other then that. I love them! They are so comfortable! And I love the style and the color. Thank you!Wendy    ","      Lo que no me gusto es que se resbala, no son anti deslizantes. La suela se desliza fácilmente en superficie húmeda    ","      Pedi una talla y media más grande por que leí que venia pequeño pero enrealidad creo que si ubiera pedido mi número me ubiera quedado mejor, muy buenos para realizar senderismo pero no los recomiendo para escalar ya que son botas y no son prácticos para pizar por caminos muy pequeños    ","      I love the look of the hiking boots but,  every time I wear them to hike on the trails I have to stop to get small pebbles, leaves and other forrest stuff out of my boots.  I have been walking on rocks, painful and aggravating!! pine needles etc.....how does this happen? ;  I make sure my shoes strings are tight and not missing a hole and they are high top boots. What do I need to do to be able to have an enjoyable hike in the woods without the woods bein in my boots???    ","      I got these to get me through the slippery, mucky bits of winter when a snow boot is too much.  These are perfect.  They give me some traction on the ice.    ","      I was worried about whether I should size up based on reviews. I ended up ordering true to size and they fit great! The inserts come out in case you have custom shoe inserts.    ","      Very pleased with the fit of the shoe.    ","      The shoes fit great.  They look pretty cool too but just need to try them out in the wilderness.    ","      Nice boots. Great for the price. I am hard on them as I hike regularly. I have had them a few months now and they are a bit smelly. But I guess that's what happens when you sweat in a waterproof boot.    ","      I need a 8.5 wide.We have even gone as far as contacting the seller here on Amazon. It is just not in stock.. or not available.. I am not sure which.But I can find that it is offered on the company site. Just cant seem to order from there.. So, My next step is to contact the company directly..It is very difficult for me to find a shoe that I am happy with. Mainly b/c not all shoes are made the same.  I normally wear a size 8... Heck I would even buy a size 6 in Men's.. but it is not offered. However, when I tried on this brand in the size 8. .. my foot was overhanging the sole of the shoes, and it felt like my poor toes were in a vice.Now if I wore the shoes barefooted.. it was a Perfect fit.    ","      Great for any terrain! It’s also fairly easy to clean. I’m not sure if it had any ankle support, but I did hike up a gravel mountain that was almost 90 degrees up and I had no problems. Make sure to air out the insides after a hike because it becomes moist.    ","      The shoes is not soft and comfy. easily get hurt    ","      Buy your actual size. Don’t size up. I ordered a half size bigger and they are to big. Good quality. Good aggressive tread grip.    ","      The best hiking boot there is. I’ve have 3 pairs and never have had blisters or had to break them in. Highly recommend!!    ","      Nice shoes. But not waterproof.    ","      When I read the reviews it says that these run small so i got a a size 10 a 9.5 would have been better, couldn't return because I started a new job yesterday and the boots were mandatory.  The boots look just like the picture, they are comfortable although a bit big I will try to wear a thicker pair of socks today.  I will say better big than small. I would recommend these boots.    ","      Super duper cute. Replaced a pair of Ahnus that I returned because I didn't like that they Ahnus had plastic shoelace hooks. These ones are metal hooks and super sturdy (they've gotten caught on my bike pedal a couple of times and have held up fine). I've been wearing them a lot over the past month and they're very lightweight and besides getting really dusty-looking, they don't show much sign of wear so far. Extremely comfortable from the get-go, didn't require much breaking in, if at all.    ","      They are perfect for hiking.  Bought to go to the Smokey Mountains wore them all day and my feet felt great.  Definitely recommend    ","      I really like these boots! I haven't been hiking in a long time and expected that I would end up with blisters and sore feet. I hiked approximately 5 miles a day (for 2 days) and feet were fine. No blisters and and no sour feet.    ","      I bought these boots and have been wearing them for about a week now. I am a car saleswoman in upstate NY...and let me just say these boots truly are waterproof and they are super comfortable with the long hours I work and I do ALOT of walking. They are warm as well..I definately recommend these boots...well worth every penny I spent.    ","      I've worn these to go hiking a few times now and they are comfortable. They've kept my feet dry when going through little streams which was nice! They're a little hard to keep clean but that's to be expected I suppose. It just seems like dust sticks to them in abundance. Nice ankle support.    ","      These boots were exactly what I was expecting. I bought them for a weekend hike. Wore them around a few days before to make sure they didn't hurt my feet. They didn't so I wore them hiking all day for two days. No blisters. No pain. Walked through water and mud and my feet never got wet. Walked up and down steep hills and had good traction. I'm always a size 9. Got a size 9 and it fit perfectly. Get shoes for a great price.Update-over 2 months later and multiple hiking weekends still the perfect boot. Great for bad arches. Comfy. Never any blisters.    ","      These boots are awesome.  This is my second pair. The first pair lasted 15 years and I still wear them although they look a bit tired. These boots are light weight. They keep my feet dry and warm.  They are as comfortable as sneakers on a walk. Good grips in snow and ice. And best is I can wear them indoors (shopping) without getting sweaty feet!  Totally recommend them!    ","      the boots arrived on time n new. Tried it out today. I wore it for almost 3 hours of shoveling snow in the 15F. my feet were warm throughout the three hours of being in the snow. in the past, when I shovel snow. I wore three pairs of socks with my other boot. Within 10 15 minutes, my toes were very cold. By the end of a 30 40 minutes session of shoveling snow, my toes hurt from being in the cold. I have not tried it in water yet, but the three hours of being in 15F and with warm toes , I am very impressed. Will update once I put it to use in water.    ","      Bought these for my wife, she loved them and she is VERY picky. Very comfortable right off, no wearing in issues. She got so many compliments on them. However, after the first day she noticed the tongue on the right foot where it's folded created a hard lump which became very uncomfortable even slightly painful as she wore them one day two. The tongue on the left foot is folded too but its soft, not this hard lump. We'll be exchanging it and hopefully the replacement won't have this same issue.    ","      very comfortable. exactly as advertised.    ","      Super comfy. The first time I used them was to hike The Narrows trail in Zion Utah. Super rocky and never felt that my ankles were in danger. Now I use them in my regular hiking trails.I'm happy with my purchase    ","      I bought these boots to go hiking in Ireland. They arrived in time for a solid week of rain at home. I've done yardwork and local hikes to break them in, and they've proven to be exactly what I was looking for.They have strong ankle support, but if you expect the cinch them down across the bridge of your foot, you might be disappointed.I don't tightlace, though, so it's not a problem for me. They're snug enough and true to size.    ","      These were very well constructed but were too stiff across toes (where seam for where the laces are is sewn to the top of the boot). Every time I took a step, that seam just dug into the top of my foot where it bends at base of toes. They were also smelly, like a musty/mildewed odor. So, I had to return them. The other colors in this style of Columbia boots are not made of the same material and do not hurt the top of my foot like the black ones.    ","      Very cute hiking boots. Wore these for a week of travel throughout Scotland/Ireland as well as some local hiking trips. Took me about a month of wear to break them in before they were comfortable (at first they were giving me terrible blisters on my left big toe where they would bend when I walked). Completely waterproof although they do not keep your feet very warm so I would recommend wearing warm socks.    ","      I actually tried this shoe three separate times, thinking that the fit was just off or something because I wanted them to work so bad. The fit is actually great and they're very comfy and cushy as long as I'm literally sitting still doing nothing. If there's any motion at all, these make my feet sweat so badly its uncomfortable. I can't stay in them longer than 10 minutes. I even tried sizing down, thinking maybe the extra room was causing too much friction. I have no idea what's up with these, but I'm so sad because they look so good.    ","      Light and comfy.I love it!    ","      Liked    ","      Very pleased with these shoes. I walked though water, dirt, mud and these shoes held on. I was pleased when my shoes didn’t get any water in them too. Very comfortable and durable. I have weak ankles and these boots stabilized my ankles and kept me from twisting them    ","      I want to love these boots because in all other ways they seem to be a great first pair for day hikes, however the crease at the toe that other consumers mentioned is something I noticed immediately upon trying them on, prior to reading any reviews warning about it. This is the only issue I've noticed, and the only one I've read about. It pinches and rubs the top of my big toe when walking, even just around the apartment, until the point my toe was rubbed red. I tried to reach out to Columbia's customer service via their website about this issue, but the site was glitched and wasn't allowing me contact them. I'm still deciding whether I should return them, or suffer through them considering they were only $46 on Amazon. I really want them to work-- I want to like them!    ","      Suelo hacer hiking constantemente y estas botas son las mejores! Comodisimas y cumplen perfectamente su funcion, no les ha pasado nada a casi un año de que las compre.    ","      Loved these boots. They are so lightweight. Went hiking without wearing them much before I went and didn’t have any problems.    ","      Excellent purchase and value for money.  I used them in the Denver snow and on uphill.  They provide very strong grip and also help keep your toes warm with proper socks.    ","      I love Columbia Sport products and wanted a waterproof boot for my long walks in the rain but this boot is NOT Waterproof. I was simply walking outside under a moderate rain fall the other day and within half an hour my socks were wet and cold. These boots are also not at all comfotable. There is not much support or cushioning and my feet ached the whole time. I am extremely disappointed in these boots and how they are described on the Columbia and Amazon website. False claims are not how you retain loyal customers. I usually take a size 7.5 and always go up half a size when buying boots to be able to wear a thicker sock. These size 8's fit perfectly.    ","      Worked out great. Didn't break them in before wearing, and they ended up being used all 3 days and I didn't get any blisters :)    ","      I put these on as soon as they arrived. I wore them all day running errands and for a long walk, my feet stay warm and they are so comfortable! Glad I bought them.    ","      Looks just like the photo.They fit great, and to my surprise they are not heavy at all.Im a senior lady and like taking walks with my dogs and you cant beat it.They are water proof so if i get caught in the rain im covered for that too. I live in Colorado and there is plenty of places to explorer.    ","      These boots are so light weight. Was very comfortable from the very first time of wearing them. There were no breaking them in. I did order a 1/2 size larger so that I can wear thicker socks. The fit was perfect.    ","      Bought these boots for my Utah trip. Did a bunch of hikes with them and they held great! Loved the color they were easy to wash the dirt off. Also love that they are waterproof. Not too heavy. Perfect hiking boots I would definetly recommend.    ","      I wear these boots every time I go hiking. They’ve seriously been my favorite hiking boots so far. My feet stay bone dry when crossing water. As long as water doesn’t cover the very top of your boot, these boots will seriously keep you dry. They’re great with traction up and down hill, on gravel (as good as they can be), stone, etc. Mine have been put through some major work and still have no tears, holes, or defects. I love these boots!    ","      Haven’t worn them yet cause they are for the winter for me. But I love the fit and seem tough. I did apply some more waterproofing spray. I usually do even though the boots are waterproof. I’m a size 7 and that’s what I ordered. Perfect fit    ","      I’ve worn these boots on about 6-7 hikes with hiking socks. They are ok for simple, short hikes; however, I brought them to hike in Alaska and wasn’t impressed. My feet are very sore and blistered. Several friends of mine have Salomon hiking boots, and their feet feel fine. With all the good reviews, I am thoroughly disappointed with them in longer more difficult hikes.    ","      I like the color & the size is perfect    ","      These were comfortable right out of the box. I like the fit and quality. I am a bit concerned about the shoelace loops. They are metal and attached to the outside of the boot. I am not sure how well they will hold up. I wish they were regular eyelets.    ","      I was unsure about buying these shoes. They are light and keep my feet warm. I wear them everyday. I have slim feet and they are always cold.  Just perfect I tell you.    ","      Love these boots! Ordered them because we were hiking up Old Rag. I forgot to break them in until the night before so just wore them for 30 minutes around the house and then up the mountain the next morning. The toe box definitely felt a little wacky when I first put them on but that went away in a few minutes. They are very comfortable and have fantastic traction.    ","      Purchased and only wore a couple of times. Are comfortable and, even having a  narrow foot, it was a decent fit. Used and insole -perfect. Would recommend to someone else.    ","      Just got back from 10day Iceland trip and these shoes worked in all different weathers and terrains.    ","      Absolutely love my new hiking boots! Comfortbale, great support, decent grip, and they match anything I wear! Honestly, I couldn't wish for anything more :)    ","      I love love love these hiking boots!!! Super comfortable, easy to break in (with the proper socks), durable in snow or gravel/rocks. I will more than likely buy another pair different color 🙃    ","      muy lindo zapatos, livianos, llegaron tal como se ven en la foto, la talla es la que indica.    ","      Decent boots. I hike a lot for work, and these are excellent in the mud and on a well-kept trail. However, they're a bit heavy/clunky, which makes breaking them in more painful in my opinion (got some rough blisters on the first 3+ mile hike I did in them) and makes rougher terrain a little tough. They're impressively waterproof (though note I also sprayed them with a waterproofer).    ","      We do a lot of hiking. these boots have been great for that.    ","      She likes it a lot.    ","      I purchased these for hiking the Colorado trails and soon into my hike, I noticed pains exactly where other reviewers have mentioned. The crease on top of the toe is very much a constant nuisance.I bought a huge box of bandaids just to continue on the trails for the next 3 days. Silly, I know but I was determined to finish my hiking trip. They were the only pair of hiking boots I had. Aside from the crease at the top, the boot is comfortable and waterproof. Perfect for trails if only they were more flexible.If you can spend a little more for Merrell’s, I suggest you do. I’m unfortunately stuck with these....for now.    ","      These boots were great for hiking around Iceland.  Waterproof and comfortable for driving and multiple hikes!!    ","      These are possibly the only pair of shoes I have worn that NEVER gave me any blisters. They are super comfortable and have just the right amount of support while hiking. I ordered a size 7 of this product and typically wear a size 7. The shoes fit very comfortably, yet I feel that there is just enough space to wear thicker socks for colder weather. Love the cool wave color!    ","      Comfortable and fit well.  No areas pinch or are tight.  I wore these on a 3 hour hike and my feet felt great.    ","      Definitely go up a half size or so. I wear a woman’s 9.5 (difficult to find in stores lol) and after taking the time to break them in, these are wonderful. I contemplated between this and a cheaper pair, but I knew this was a good brand. And it’s worth the extra money.    ","      True to size, feels perfect, love it    ","      Stylish and comfortable for the most part. However, despite reviews of them being comfortable without even breaking them in before use are false. The bend in the shoe when you walk rubbed off the skin on my toes despite wearing thick socks. Definitely break in, hopefully these will be more comfortable after a few wears or I’ll look for better hiking boots.    ","      I absolutely love these boots. They are light, durable and  waterproof. I ordered a few pairs in different colors.  The only issue  was inconsistent sizing. But with a free delivery it wasnt much of the problem. I just exchanged a pair or two  before I got the right fit.    ","      I perfect fit! I bought them right before leaving to hike in Canada so I was hoping they would be comfy. They were great! Wore them for 5 days straight and didn’t get a blister or have foot pain! They have great grip, are very water-resistant and cute! I got lots of compliments! Just throw on a pair of you fave hiking socks and hit the trails in these shoes!    ","      All around great hiking boots for light to medium hiking... Wife loves these after I talked her into trying as I have the men's version and really liked...    ","      I had seen these at a local store and tried them on in a size 5.5, my size.  I didn't buy them because they were a little over my budget.  I found them on Amazon for almost 1/2 the price so I bought them.  I tried them with different sock thicknesses and they are perfect for me.  I have been wearing them around the house all day for a few days now, just to soften them up and break them in a bit. I will be able to wear these all day with no problem.    ","      Cheap looking. Not worth the price. Better to spend $40 more and get a Merrel or Keen if you can..... These look and feel like a $50 boot at most.    ","      No del todo... Lástima después de cierta distancia.    ","      El zapato muy bueno y cómodo!!Lo que no me agradó, antes de recibir el articulo lo cancelé porque en mi país era más barato. Me aceptaron la cancelación y después llegó y cobraron igual!! Amazon está poco formal ahora!!!    ","      These hiking boots are excellent! I really like the how the laces don't have to be threaded through holes and instead are held by brackets going up the ankle, it makes it far easier to take the boots on and off compared to the traditional kind. Also, they are lightweight, and when I walked through the rain in them for a 7 mile hike my feet stayed dry as can be.    ","      I love these but I ordered a US size 6 and gota US size 8. Since I use a wheelchair and don't actually walk on them, I didn't realize. I thought that they were larger because of the style since they are different than other sneakers I've had.    ","      I have a difficult foot to fit and have a hard time finding boots and shoes. I bought these one size up - they fit well and broke in easily. I did have a little blister after the first use but probably wore them too long on the first outing. I'm very happy with purchase. They are lightweight yet sturdy.    ","      Must confortable hiking boots you’ll find in the market. Bought it a few days before a Colorado hiking trip. Just had 1 day to brake them in... these boots outperformed!!! I’m very pleased with this purchase! 10/10!!!    ","      I actually purchased these to offset my good foot with my bad foot (fractured/wearing a boot). According to the internet, these are the best all around rated hiking boot. They were comfortable from first wear and didn’t need to be broken in.    ","      These are nice boots!  Initial wearing I was a bit concerned, crease area across top of foot was a bit much, lasted all of 15 minutes.  They have done off trail summer hiking, snowshoeing and hiking thru 14” of snow.  No rubbing or chafing.  They hit ankle at just right spot.  Good traction and good looking to boot.  I wear them with a medium weight sock, ordered size I wear.    ","      I ordered these shoes to wear during an upcoming hiking visit to the northwest. When they arrived, I thought, \"Okay, I'd better break them in or I'll have blisters on the trail.\" WRONG! I wore these boots all day and forgot I had them on! Talk about comfortable! Seriously, I never had new shoes fit so well and feel so good. The waterproof uppers even held up well during a pond-filter cleaning. I now look forward to hiking Hurricane Ridge with nary a blister or friction rub. I only hope the rest of me feels as good as my feet will!    ","      Just what I was looking for in a hiking boot. Excellent fit, lightweight and great tread...... nice price.  I did wear two afternoons around the house without any issues.    ","      Totally worth the buy plus good pricing.  True to fit, but also enough room to wear your thick winter socks. Very comfortable, definitely great on terrain & snow.    ","      Pinched in the toe box, folded right down in the middle of my big toe!  For a 9, these felt tight.  I just didn't like the way the material was so stiff...maybe it gets better after breaking them in but that would be painful in these.  Returned them and bought the hikers starting with the letter \"M\"...which are amazing.    ","      I love love love these boots. Second pair I have owned. Hold up to a lot of hiking and are waterproof to! You will not be disappointed    ","      My wife liked the color    ","      These are great and cute. I’ve got narrow flat feet so I love them. They have great grip, I didn’t slip or have any issues hiking in them    ","      These boots were perfect for my sequoia national park trip, it was cold and snowing and my feet were nice and warm. Also I have flat feet and these boots gave me the comfort and foot support I need it for those long hiking walks. The colour is red and not hot pink as I thought it was from the picture. I would recommend them and I would buy them again.    ","      I love it. The shipping was so fast and the product very good    ","      I love these boots!  Keep my feet dry as well as give good traction.  Not too heavy to wear to run errands.    ","      I go to these to wear for work as I'm a fisheries technician in environmental consulting. A lot of working around boats and in a warehouse and these are great! They are a little stiff to begin with but have excellent ankle support. I was concerned they might be too bulky but compared to my steel toe boots that I wear less frequently for work these are weightless and small. However they will not be great for city walking on sidewalks. They feel much more appropriate for messy work or walking on rough terrain.    ","      Got these boots for a camping/backpacking trip. We had to cross a few streams throughout the trip and I was pleasantly surprised by how dry my feet stayed. They are comfortable too, and required almost no breaking in. Plus they are cute for hiking boots.    ","      Liked everything about them...    ","      Im originally a size 7 in sneakers. I sized down to a 6 and they fit perfect.  So i definitely suggest you to size down.    ","      I love the quality, the fit and functionality of these boots    ","      Boots came today. First impression: very light weight, thin feeling material, uninsulated (probably will be good for summer weather), sleek look (not bulky), don’t feel substantial (but I’m used to a more rugged boot), not much arch support (I wear Spenco Arch Supports in nearly all my shoes), very disappointed to notice the cute contrasting logo is missing from the heel of the boot (I really liked that pop of color, it was advertised in the photographs, not sure why it’s not there), walking in the house boots are comfortable (with my arch supports added), they feel super light weight, I will try thicker socks for warmth before deciding to keep them.    ","      I went a half size up and the fit was good. Great ankle support. However after wearing for several hikes, I consistently got blisters under my toes. Not enough padding in the sole. I switched to a brand with more padding and have had no issues.    ","      I love these boots, I just needed a 7.5 wide to give my self a little more toe room. Because I got a 8 and it was too big.    ","      Got these as a Christmas gift for my Mom. She wears them daily & absolutely loves them. Thanks for such a great product!!! Keep up the good work!    ","      I am an 8.5 and I bought a 9. A little big but so far they have kept my feet warm and dry.    ","      I could not recommend these hiking boots enough! I bought them for Machu Picchu and rainbow mountain with very little time to break them in before the hikes, I had zero issues with blisters or sore feet. I wore them through snow, mud and streams and they kept my feet warm and dry. They are so comfortable and I look nice on! I am a size 7 and bought a 7.5m, they were a bit roomy even with hiking socks on. If I were to buy again I would go with a size 7.    ","      I’ve noticed that some Columbia hiking boots (at least women’s) are rather narrow. I have slightly wide feet and when I tried these on they definitely weren’t a comfortable width. Otherwise, I’d say they’re true to size and they would have been very comfortable. Decided that buying online wasn’t a safe bet and ended up going to a Columbia store and getting a pair of Wayfinders that were regular width and a 1/2 size up from what I normally buy. Overall....Columbia shoe sizes don’t seem to be consistent, so it’s probably better to go to a store and try them on in person before you buy online.    ","      I absolutely loved these boots at first.  I ordered them to wear with my work uniform since I'm required to wear brown leather boots.  During my day at work I am mostly in an office setting but I used them to lead cave tours and short hikes as well.  They gave me no issues until a couple weeks ago.  The sole is already coming off.  Very disappointing since they fit me well, are light weight, and gave me no discomfort when hiking.  Having a hiking boot with a sole coming off after 5 months of normal wear is just not acceptable.    ","      Well I tried both the 8.5 and the 9 and in both cases the crease in the toe box rubbed uncomfortably right off the bat. Otherwise seems to be a good shoe although I would like more support and/or padding in the insole. Unfortunately I’ll be returning these.    ","      I hiked all day (12 miles) in southern Utah in these without getting any blisters until the last mile, which is pretty great for not breaking them in beforehand! I didn't get any toe crease or pinching. I was hiking/running up and down rocks all day and didn't slip once. These were really comfortable and way lighter than the boots I was using before. I haven't tried them on a muddy/wet trail yet or in the cold but I'm hoping they'll hold up. Overall great stuff.    ","      Comfortable and well made    ","      I love these boots, have 2 pair. They are true to size and fit comfortable. You do not have to go through the break your new boots in process. Perfect footwear for the active woman. Durable as well, I wear them on the construction jobsite at work, in all type of conditions. I like the different color options that are available now too. Priced right. I recommend this boot for any outdoor activity.    ","      I tried tons of boots and this pair was the perfect fit and very comfortable. I wore them on a long 2.5 day hike on the Appalachian trail in the cold going through water and mud. They cleaned very easily and still look like new! Half the price of my Keens and 100x better, more comfortable and more stylish!    ","      I normally wear a size 6.5 and bought a 7.5 because of other reviews. A 7.5 is perfect with thick socks. Thinner socks would not work as well, but I'm planning on putting an insole if I wear thin socks. So it should fit fine.The shoes themselves look good and feel great. A lot more lightweight than you would imagine.    ","      Love my boots will be ordering more for me and some for the kids. Used them on a 5 hour strenuous hike in the Great Smokey Mountains. My feet did not hurt from all the hiking. I also used them to ride horses. The boots have decent grip only slipped a few times after it had rained but not before and we were hiking near cascades the entire hike up.    ","      Round two of this style (RIP 1st pair). In New England, it is a necessity to have boots you can count on. Truth be told, they do need to be broken in. Once you have had your adjustment period, it's go time! Easy to put on, take off and get the job done. Worth the investment.    ","      I liked how comfortable it was . My boyfriend is a carpenter and I need proper shoes to be in his shop. It was a hit . I spent the entire day with it and normally my toes would hurt but it didn’t    ","      I started wearing these boots as soon as they arrived in the mail because I thought I would have to break them in before an upcoming hiking trip. I was wrong. They were comfortable from the moment I put them on. I've worn them on packed snow and they offer great traction. They are most comfortable with socks that are crew cut (come up to about mid-shin), but they worked decently with ankle socks too (I just wouldn't hike in them wearing ankle socks). I've worn them for 10 hours straight with no change in comfort level and I just got them a couple days ago. These are the best boots I've ever owned.    ","      Corren un poquito grande so elige exactamente tu size    ","      Love the look of these hiking boots!! Columbia's do run a little big in my opinion. I normally wear a 7 in almost all women's brand shoes but this is my 2d pair of Columbia's and I've had to go down half a size or 1 full size. Overall these are great hikers    ","      Love these boots!! They have great traction for all kinds of terrain and I was surprised with how light weight they are for hiking boots. Love the ankle height as well - feel like there is good support there. Didn’t need to break them in at all. Waterproof keeps you dry.    ","      I love these hiking boots! Nice aesthetics, made well and comfortable. After wearing them all winter I can say that they are truly waterproof. After some significant mud exposure they cleaned up to look like new. There is a small amount of creasing that happens at the ball of the foot, but I found that after breaking them in, I no longer feel it at all. Now I need to get a pair for my daughter so we can hike together!    ","      Great hiking boots. Durable and never felt water come in.    ","      They were supposed to just be for our family nature walks but I ended up loving them so much I just wear them whenever I feel like it! And they really are waterproof. Was able to learn that the first day wearing them.    ","      Las ocupé en un viaje a la Huasteca Potosina y me sorprendió lo cómodas que son, además de tener una suela antiderrapante y ser impermeables.Quizá vengan un poco amplias, ya que compré las de talla 22.0 siendo que yo calzo del 22.5 y me quedaron bien. Aunque cabe resaltar que tengo el pie delgado.    ","      Waterproof and sturdy which is what I've liked most for my hikes. They're a little stiff though (they started to break in better after I hiked at least 10 miles in them), so I've had to double up on socks to make sure I don't get any blisters on my toes.    ","      These boots are incredible! I'm taking a hiking course that involves bushwacking and hiking up creeks and these boots keep my feet warm and dry, even when I've been walking in water several inches deep. The lacing at the top of the boot really ensures that my ankles are supported, which is important for me as I have a history of injuries with them and bought boots that came higher to prevent new sprains. They're well made, and I'm sure they'll last me ages.    ","      I wanted a sturdy but light weight, waterproof, year round usage hiking boot that was attractive. This boot covers my requirements and accommodates bunions on both feet. I hve hammertoes on my right foot and, once broken in, the boot’s leather siftened enkigh to sccomofate them better than as well as can be expected.    ","      Love the boots as a dog groomer I get wet all day & they help keep my feet dry: great boot    ","      So far I have only worn these boots once, however I have to say they were a great buy! They fit well and will be comfortable once they have been broken in. Also, I did encounter a fair amount of mud and water on my short hike and they do seem to be waterproof as advertised.    ","      I highly recommend these boots! They’re great for hiking, and walking in nature. Your feet stay dry and feel very supported.    ","      This shoe is an excellent, affordable buy!  I ordered my regular size and it fit comfortably with hiking socks.  They are completely waterproof and no blisters after the first hike.  I highly recommend this shoe!    ","      I have owned these boots for a while- have used them to hike in different types of weathers and conditions. They are very comfortable, waterproof, and very easy to clean.I would suggest breaking them in before going on a long hike as they can be a little uncomfortable initially on the toe where the boot bends at the crease; however, they are extremely comfortable once worn in. I would buy them again.    ","      I bought these hikers because they were considerably less expensive than Keens or Merrills that I usually purchase. Are these a good looking shoe? Yes. However, they do not fit as supportive as a more expensive hiker and I feel no arch support. They flex right across the top of my toes and there’s no padding so it’s a bit uncomfortable. I’ve been on a few small hikes in them so far and without the arch support and padding my feel fatigued very quickly. I guess $80 buys a mediocre shoe these days.    ","      The shoes are wonderful. I added my custom inserts and it made them feel even better. I am a size 8, I ordered a 9 to give me room for orthotics and thick socks. I love these shoes and I dont feel the need to \"break\" them in. They provide great ankle support.    ","      Guter bequemer wanderschuh.Preis Leistung super    ","      I was skeptical because of the price but they were so comfortable! Hiked almost a mile in the snow and my feet were completely warm and dry    ","      I love these boots! I went to Zion national park and went through puddles of water and they are definitely waterproof only up to the top of the shoe obviously. Very Comfortable, fit is true to size! I also have pretty bad bunions on both my feet and these shoes didn't seem to bother them! It was also pretty chilly when I went and they kept my feet warm!    ","      I love these boots but quite disappointed because they run too small. I purchased these over the summer knowing I would need something for the cold weather. I didn't realize they run so small, I even bought a larger size and now that it's cold, I have discovered that I can't even wear them. Since I bought them over the summer and I wore them once, I can no longer return them and don't know what to do with them. I would recommend a size or two larger.    ","      I haven't actually worn them yet but I just wanted to report that they fit as expected. I normally wear an 8.5 and thats what I ordered and they seem perfect.    ","      Good choice. My wife very happy on her new boots    ","      I bought these boots to hike Mount Washington, NH and they were amazing! They have really good traction on ice and mud. They're waterproof and very comfortable. I went for a 9 hour hike the first time I wore them and didn't get any blisters. I highly recommend these boots!    ","      Very comfortable    ","      good deal through amazon, very happy    ","      i have not tried it for hiking yet. it fits perfect, the size 7.  very comfortable. love the lace too.    ","      Buen calzado, cómodos, bonitos y muy duradero.    ","      Perfect fit. Very foot study. I want to order a second pair for when I wear these out. Love them!    ","      Light weight    ","      Absolutely loved these, ordered them for a hiking trip in Tahoeand didn’t bring any other hiking shoes but I didn’t need anything else! These were wonderful, comfortable, good support and got me through miles of hiking with zero issues and no blisters or any discomfort. I have reviewed many shoes and bought plenty of hiking gear, these were one of my best purchases!    ","      Quedan estrechas aún cogiendo un número más    ","      Not my favorite item from Columbia. The laces are a bit short making the fit awkward. We'll see if they are waterproof. I expected more mesh and a lighter boot. On the first hike I got abrasions on the top of my toes. Still healing a week later! The Columbia tread is the reason for the purchase and brand loyalty. I hike at least 30 miles a week and Columbia boots typically last 9 months to a year. Awesome!    ","      Received today and immediately put on to wear and assess before hiking. Feel great...thinking they'd make a wonderful everyday winter shoe!    ","      Comfortable on the first day. Great fit hiking the narrows and for motorcycle riding    ","      I bought it for my wife. In this price, they are really really good. We were not sure of the size and fitting when purchasing online, but we were surprised when the boots arrived and they were of perfect size and fitting. Its really good for hikes and even for straight walking/trekking.    ","      Used them for a few hikes. They arent super grippy so watch out when its wet outside, but overall , good sturdy boot!    ","      These boots are super comfy and super durable and super cute! I hiked a glacier, through a forest and rocky terrain with stability and no slipping. I even wore them just walking around town because they’re so freaking comfortable. So glad I bought these! I wear a size 10 by the way and the fit was fine.    ","      These shoes are okay, I don't like how they seem to look cheap for some reason. They're much more stiff than other leather hiking boots I've used straight out of the box. Also the issue that other reviewers stated about the top toe area hurting their foot, I definitely see it and could feel it but a pair of super thick hiking socks help to ease this discomfort!  But honestly, considering the price is cheaper than the expensive brands of hiking boots, you can't really complain. These were not for me and I will be returning them and buying one that is higher quality .    ","      Very lightweight, sturdy, and room for toes. I have wide feet and was skeptical about the fit being to snug but toes has room without feeling loose. Tried them out for a light hike and was very comfortable    ","      I really like my boots! they are great for hiking & snow too since they are waterproof (note: my area only gets a few inches of snow). I have very very wide feet so they are obviously a little narrow and I start to get uncomfortable after a few hours, but if you have average or a little bit wide feet I would think you probably wouldn't have an issue with that. They did take a little breaking in, but they felt fine after the first hike. I think they look a lot better than most hiking boots too. Most are really ugly, but I like these.    ","      I thought I had to size up but this boot is true to size. The boots are in great condition and work well for my hikes on slippery slopes.    ","      I recommend ordering a size larger. They felt a little snug but increasing felt tighter as the day went on and gave me blisters. I returned them!    ","      After broken in these shoes are pretty good, I actually use them for work, all day moving and they feel secure and comfortable.I have plantar fasciitis so I do change the insoles on all my shoes, I recommend the Spenco gel.    ","      Run a little big but overall great hiking boots. I had to wear them in a bit. Also, wear higher socks because hiking a lot in them rubbed my ankle raw, but that’s to be expected with new boots. Overall, they seem high quality and very sturdy. Happy with my purchase.    ","      These boots are COMFY. They supported my ankles and held up to quite the beating on a snowy mountain top and 13,000 feet of elevation. They were warm enough with wool socks that my feet were never really cold and they were light weight and comfortable. I wore them for a 6 hour climb with very little breaking in and didn't get any blisters.    ","      I'd call this a \"stock\" boot. Nothing special, no extra cushioning or support. I have high arches and will definitely need to get an insert. As others have written, toe box is a bit oversized. I usually wear a 10.5. Ordered that size first and they felt too snug to wear with wool socks. Sized up to an 11 and they're a bit too loose, I got hot spots on my big toes from rubbing as others have written. Overall they do the job, you get what you pay for!    ","      It fit as expect, i wear the sports shoes  5.5 and it is 5.5 fit exactly.because i have not wear it yet only try on for a few minutes then i can't say muchbut it looks and feel strong. nice look though    ","      Oh how I wanted to love these boots. They are beautiful to look at, lightweight, I love the shoelaces, and they offered a great ankle support. my enthusiasm changed after a two minute walk in my living room, the toe area on both feet started to be extremely painful and after a while I simply had to take them off because of the intense pain. I don’t think size or sock type was the issue, I have ordered six pairs of hiking boots to try on, and none are so painful. Very sadly I will be returning these.    ","      These shoes hold up to a lot of ware.  They are very comfortable and keep water out.  The first area it seems to ware down at is the rubber at the top of the toe.  Once this comes apart the boot is no longer waterproof but this takes a lot of ware and tear before this will happen.  If you are using these to hike occasionally they will last you a long time (a few years).    ","      I had to return mine because the size was not only smaller than it advertised (both here on Amazon and their official website), but extremely narrow. The lack of a proper sizing chart really screws the whole thing up, because the boots themselves looked incredible. They've been out of stock since, and resellers have them up at around $150. So due to their lack of proper guides, they've lost a customer.Lastly, to note, I typically wear a size 7 (I'm smaller, but I like my boots a bit roomer to accommodate socks) and the Colombia size 7 felt like a very narrow 5. Be warned, and be careful, when selecting your size.    ","      I hated these boots for a while and even considered sending them back. They felt too tight, the arch felt weird. After a week of walking around in them they felt much better. It’s been a few months now and I love them, even in the snow. I stood outside in the wet snow with my kids for nearly an hour and my feet stayed warm and dry.    ","      Did 7000ft elevation hike with these shoes.Amazing !Wasn't very sure of the true size, would recommend to get actual size and a size bigger using prime wardrobe and then check for yourself, wearing thick socks.    ","      La grandeur 9.5 est disponible mais le prix a augmenté beaucoup.Je veux que quelqu'un me téléphone    ","      Thought I was getting a comfortable warm hiking shoe.  Not so.  First day I wore them feet were hurting by the end of the day.  I do suffer from heel pain.  So, second day I added in my insoles.  Fit was snugger on my foot but at least my feet didn't hurt at the end of the day.  No, I don't sit all day.  I average 11,000 to 17,000 steps a day.  They aren't insulated so would need thicker socks to help keep feet warm.  I normally wear compression socks.  Size I would say runs true.    ","      I haven't worn Columbia boots in quite awhile but loved the look of these.  I love them!  Perfect fit and comfortable enough to wear all day the first day!    ","      I have had these just over a year and have finally worn them out. I hike with my dog all year and these have been great. Just wish they would have lasted a little longer. Did not have any problems with the waterproofing until the seam split between the upper and the sole. Walked through mud and water and almost every other terrain and they were fine. Lightweight enough for warmer weather and tough enough for winter. But again, only one season each.    ","      Size as mentioned. Perfect.Looks gorgeous.Fits perfectly. Comfortable.Built to perfection at Vietnam.    ","      these are really nice and comfortable. just have to break them in a little. color and look of them is really nice    ","      Love them! I hiked about 5 miles yesterday and fell in love. I have very narrow feet, size 7.5, and was able to wear wool socks. I walked through lots of mud with ease, also had great traction when u was going up and down hill on the trail. They are super easy to put on and lace. Found these to be a fantastic first pair ❤ no blisters but I assume all boots have to be broken in, so even if I had got any I understand that pre broken in boots is comical.    ","      I like these very comfy.  Perhaps I have small heals, they are a bit loose. But I will try tightening the laces to see if that helps.  Recommend    ","      These are really nice. Super light weight. Comfortable, but you may need insoles or arch supports.    ","      I really wanted to like these boots. The style is great, the smooth leather easy to take care of, and generally comfortable except where the leather bends at the toe and hits my toes.  Maybe this would break in, but I decided that for the price of the boots, it was not worth risking that I would feel that at every step. They seem to run a little large - maybe a half size down would solve the problem... but now the price on Amazon has gone up $15 from when I first bought them. *sigh*    ","      The fit is good, the sole is hard and therefore I am not sure as we go into the winter season how much use I will get from these and I doubt if there is room for an insole to help with that.    ","      Used for the first time hiked 8 miles in them. I'm very happy with these boots! Walked through mud and streams and my feet stayed dry and comfortable. Impressed with the grip and overall comfort. I have a narrow foot which was fixed by tightening. No break in time needed. I also liked how easy they are to take on and off.    ","      Esta algo pequeño para la talla que Pedí, aunque esta súper bueno el zapato gran calidad.    ","      The boots are a little bit large. But they’re comfortable because of the way they’re laced. Also, I will like the extra room for thick socks in cold wear.    ","      True to size, plenty of toe box room.Bought them for hiking, and first time out proved very comfortable.  I think an inset would have made them even better!    ","      Love that it comes in a wide foot option to order. Fits great and made well.  Ordered two pairs; one for my daughter and myself.    ","      I bought these boots for their waterproof feature unfortunately the rubber on the toe is already separating.  I wear these boots every day at work but I expected them to last more than a couple weeks being Columbia.    ","      I love this product. I put them on perfect fit. Not a heavy boot. Wore them all day at work. No fatigue.    ","      I hiked the smokies with these boots, 13 mile round trip along with a couple day hikes. These held up great! They keep the water out and are very comfortable.    ","      I wore these hiking today for the first time.  I thought I would have to break them in but they were so comfortable!  Great arch and ankle support!  Also a perfect fit!  I love them!    ","      It supports my weak ankle    ","      This is the 3rd pair of hiking boots that I bought this season - after returning the first 2 pair.  I tried to save a few dollars and it's just not worth it.  Go with the brand that does it well - Columbia. Sturdy yet lightweight and good in the snow as well.    ","      De buena calidad    ","      Fit as expected. I ordered up 1/2 size because like to wear very heavy boot socks. These are not too narrow nor too wide. Lightweight not bulky looking. Haven’t been able to check out if tread is good since snow has been washed away by rain.    ","      They were a great buy. I was even comfortable on a 10 hour hike up a steep and muddy, rocky volcano. Make sure to always bring the laces all the way up to the topmost hook and tie there.. On another, flat trail I tripped because my tied lace loop got caught in one of the hooks - totally my fault though, cannot blame the design. Just be aware, don't be lazy lol.    ","      Took a few wears to break in and I always wear them with two pairs of socks. These are my mountain boots and I wear them every time I go to my cabin (which is almost every weekend).  They have been great for hiking as well as work boots.  They are still fairly new and the longest hike I have worn them on was 3 miles, I do think they would remain comfortable on longer hikes as well. The only time they are uncomfortable is when I drive with them on, they cut into the back of my ankles.    ","      I got these just in time for my hiking trip, so I didn't have time to break them in beforehand. In their first wears, my big toe began to hurt because it bends right onto my toe, but I'm sure as I break this in this will go away. Thankfully I have my own inserts, because the ones provided are not padded at all. Overall, I really like these boots and in the very little I tested them the waterproof seems to work.    ","      For the price, didn’t seem like a bad boot.  Like a cheaper version of the timberland white ledge mid waterproof hiking boot. Not really much support in the sole, but could put an insert in.  The thing that caused me not to keep these was the toe.  The toe box was wide and tall enough that I didn’t have uncomfortable contact, but the depth and location of the pinch when you walk in them (where the crease would form in the leather) pinched down deep right onto your toe.  Only took a few steps around my apartment to imagine how painful that would be after even half a mile.  Maybe it would get better with wear, but I wasn’t willing to try it out.  I went with the Timberlands instead.    ","      I bought a 1/2 size bigger than needed for when I need to wear extra socks. Comfortable    ","      Fits great! Looks good! Stylish and comfortable.    ","      Toe area was comfortable, which is a good feature.    ","      I wore these boots on my motorcycle and got caught in rain. The shoe itself is waterproof however the middle tongue of the shoe is not. The shoe top was soaked and so were my socks. Unfortunately I purchased the boot for the waterproof quality. The boots fits and feels great and the look good too. They are just not waterproof as the description alludes too!!    ","      These boots passed expectations.  I ordered true to size and they fit perfect.  They are very comfortable and light to wear.    ","      I love the boots so far, I just got them today. However, the boots came with two different sized shoe laces! a 5 inch difference! This causes the one boot to be too tight! I'm trying to figure out how to get those replaced....*UPDATE* Amazon promptly overnighted a new pair of boots. I try them on, remove the laces just to make sure they're good, and lo and behold, the same problem! Quality control at Columbia must be off a bit....I just switched out one of the shorter laces with the longer one on the new pair to fix my problem...but beware of this!    ","      Bought these for a trip to Iceland, but I've been breaking them in on hiking trips around home first. Fit great, don't rub at all and walked through a swamp without getting wet inside. Very happy with these boots.    ","      I love to hike but I have weak ankles. I have sprained them many times over the years wearing the wrong shoes. These boots give the support I need and are quite comfortable    ","      My daughter loves it. We had tried expensive REI shoes and those gave her blisters. This shoe fits right and is very comfortable (so far). we plan on a hike soon and hope it holds good.    ","      I bought these because I was traveling to Georgia (the country not the state). I had pretty low expectations because of the price but they ended up working out perfectly. I hiked through the snow in these and my feet felt supported and never got wet. I usually wear an 8.5 or 9 and I decided to get the 9. I wore a thick pair of socks and still had room. I highly recommend these.    ","      I would recommend these boots to anyone. They are great in all aspects except I wish the manufacturers would offer a higher arch support.    ","      Great purchase, super comfy and perfect for my hiking trip I felt very secure with these boots!    ","      They look amazing and felt great but REALLY tight on my toes. Ill try to break them in but I might have to replace them with bigger size!    ","      I was worried reading the other reviews about the \"toe crease\" that other had experienced.  My toes are sensitive to rubbing from shoes, but I thought, for the price, I was willing to try them out.  I have not regretted the decision!  They are very comfortable!  I got them a half size up so that I could wear thick socks.  They are waterproof, sturdy, and the crease doesn't touch my toes, so I wouldn't even notice it if I hadn;t read about it in the reviews.  I say, if you are on the fence, give them a try!  I knew / know nothing about \"good\" brands or anything, but I am impressed with the quality for the price!    ","      Wore them for a 18 mile hike held up through rain, puddles, and dirt. Amazing purchase    ","      I got these boots for a week long camping trip through the Pacific Northwest. It was wet and rainy the entire time and my feet stayed warm and dry the whole time. Not to mention they have awesome support, even being fairly new and not broken in yet, my feet didn’t hurt. These boots are great!    ","      Bought these boots for Alaska and they were wonderful.  It took about a 7 mile walk to get them broken in well enough to use seriously.  These were extremely comfortable afterward.  They are waterproof and I was able to hike and walk in shallow puddles without getting wet.    ","      The only downside to this boot is that it does pinch your toes. I read the reviews that mentioned that, but decided to try anyway. I wore them a few times to break them in and the pinch wasnt too bad. However the first 10 mile hike in them, the toe pinch increased to the point of blisters. My hike turned miserable and painful.  I am going to try thicker socks next time to see if that helps. They are slightly on the heavy side, but decent grip and durable.    ","                                                                                                                                                        De media kon niet worden geladen.                                                                               Best boots ever. Super comfortable. Kept my feet dry on multiple muddy trucks.    ","      I love love love love love these shoes. I didn't have to break them in at all.  They worked exactly as I needed them to and fit perfectly to size. Extremely comfortable and sturdy. I took them through rain, snow, ice and mud and they came out perfectly. I would buy these shoes again in a heart beat. Such a great product for the price.    ","      Son ligeras, cómodas, resistentes, pero siento que me quedan un poquitito grandes, no afecta si los ajusto muy bien    ","      These Boots Are so comfortable I wear a size 11 in womens and Wow what a fit!!!I love them !!!! Most boots you put your feet in you can't wear them all day but these are by far the best pair I had in a while!!! Bye bye Timberlands!!    ","      I’m very picky about my shoes! But these are very comfortable and thus far durable for hiking.    ","      Love these boots! I sized up so they were a little big. But definitely still comfortable    ","      Perfect fit, great grip for walking around icy roads, warm and kept my feet dry. The only issue I have is that on my left boot the fold from the tongue digs into my foot making it uncomfortable and mildly painful.  The right boot fits perfectly and feels great. I'm hoping through wear the left boot eventually softens up.    ","      Very comfortable and good looking.    ","      belle emais pas très confortable    ","      These boots were comfortable, little cold during a day in the snow, but over all they were great boots    ","      I've just returned from spending a week in the woods with these babies and I'm in love. I took them caving, hiking, landscaping, trail maintenance-ing with the US Forestry Service, camping, etc etc, and I was walking on well-gripping clouds the whole time. I did buy a half size up in order to accommodate my shoe inserts and wool socks, but I left my trip with not a blister or raw spot in sight. They didn't even really need broken in; they were comfortable from the start.    ","      The best hiking shoes I have ever worn. I broke them in on Stevens Trail (expert level hike in California) and my feet felt like they were on clouds. Great tread for climbing on wet rocks and rugged terrain.    ","      Use for hiking.    ","      I actually bought these for my future wife. We are about to go to Glacier National Park on our honeymoon in a few weeks, and we both agreed that these shoes will be perfect for her. I have the men's version of these boots, and I love them. They feel secure on your feet, and they have a nice, thick sole so your feet don't get too sore from walking on uneven terrain. She also loves them because they're \"cute\", so I thought I'd mention that also.    ","      Look good so far! Love the style and have been comfortable for short trips so far (itching to get them on the long trails). Love so far. Came fast too. Waterproof is perfect for my kayak camping trips to come.    ","      Follow all of the reviews, I am an 8 generally and I got a 9 to be safe and they fit perfectly with just enough room for thick socks!! Super comfortable and no need for breaking in! First day in hardcore use we trekked up to the Torres Del Paine base 5 hours of pure uphill and 3 hours coming down and a week filled will similar activities. My feet were the only things that were not sore by the end of that adventure! Truly amazed by these boots I love love love them!!    ","      These boots are awesome! I wore them for the first time on a hiking trip! I got a 7.5 which is my usual size and they fit perfectly! I had no blisters and was very pleased and impressed with the quality of this product! I would recommend these boots to everyone looking for a pair of summer hiking boots!    ","      These are the best hiking boots I’ve ever owned! Super comfortable and durable. I love the coloring too.    ","      Bought these for a trip up the north shore here in Minnesota and they were PERFECT. Super comfortable and warm. Waterproof through the puddles of mud we went through trying to get to the lookouts. Probably annoyed our friends by talking so much about them and about how I never would have survived the trip without them!    ","      Columbia always makes a solid hiking boot. It doesn't squeeze the feet but also isn't too roomy. Make sure you are wearing good hiking socks with them. Helps with additional comfort.    ","      I took these boots to Isle Royale and they performed great! I had only broken them in by mowing the lawn in them, and one ten mile hike prior to the big trip. I wore them for 8-11 miles every day on rough terrain for five days and had zero hot spots or blisters.The only issue is that they are slippery on wet rocks.    ","      I ordered these for my 14 year old daughter who will be using them on a camping trip this weekend with her JROTC class. Daughter wears women's 8.5 in Nike and Vans(with laces) or 8 in slip on Vans, I ordered these in a 8.5 and they fit perfectly.    ","      I wore them around, running errands to break them in. From the start, they were already the most comfortable boot I have worn. The price is great for the quality.    ","      Great hiking boots ordered them and already hiked for a week. Couldn't have done it without these boots. Comfortable fits great around the ankle too    ","      Did a one-hour hike up Mount Philo... Shoes were perfect!    ","      Really nice quality they fit great very comfortable exactly what I wanted    ","      Worse these all over the pacific north west in October. Not only are they waterproof, but I found these to be MORE comfortable than my sneakers and doc Martins. They’ve been to the mountains, beach, and national parks. Seriously, I cannot wait for spring to go hiking in them!    ","      Me gustaron, buen soporte, muy cómodas y de muy alta calidad. Las seguiré usando en todas mis expediciones para hacer senderismo!    ","      These are great hiking shoes, especially for the price. They take quite a bit of breaking in but so far they have been awesome for shorter hikes. I haven't yet tested the waterproofing abilities but I will update if there are issues.    ","      Fit me a little big but they were really good quality!    ","      Feet did not hurt or blister even though lots of hiking rough country and no break in prior to first use    ","      I bought both these and a pair of keens to test out indoors. I like the look of these best but when walking around my house I started the feel pressure on top of the big toe (exactly as many reviews stated). I figure if I was already feeling that crease in just a few minutes that I didn’t want to deal with that 20 miles in on a trip. I wanted to like these but I couldn't! Listen to the reviews and wait till Colombia fixes this issue on a 2.0 pair! Returned these and kept the keens.    ","      Hiked 2 miles the day I got them.  No rubbing or sore spots.  Stayed dry and had no slips or falls.    ","      Cant believe I got these for such a low price. I've been wanting to invest in hiking boots for quite some time but the ones I had been looking at were all over $150. Couldn't be happier with my purchase & they were comfortable from the moment I put them on through out the whole hike. They have good support and i could feel the difference from when i usually use my regular sneakers. They provide excellent traction & I'm definitely happy with my purchase.    ","      Had them for about 2 weeks now and taken them on many different trails! Good,  sturdy and comfortable! Very true to size. I normal wear 8.5-9 depending and I bout an 8.5 and they have enough room for thick socks and are comfortable with thin socks too.I did my research on a lot of boots and this by far stole the show. I highly recommend them!    ","      Aunque los zapatos son cómodos y bonitos, los cordones no son de la mejor calidad y ya empiezan a romperse con dos meses de uso.    ","      Love it it! Bought it for a road trip to Grand Canyon. So comfy and looks super cute. Was really please with my purchase!    ","      I used for drive motorcycle. I had an accident and they save my foot.Little scars in body, but foot, anyyyyy. Very cover. They are light, not warm, breatheable and confortable.With water, no protect so much. They support with light rain, but heavy rain doesnt.----Casi Perfectas. Las amo, el pequeño problema es que no soportan las fuertes lluvias de mi país, se que no son botas para lluvia, pero deberían proteger un poco más.    ","      Totalmente perfecta para trabajos de largos turnos    ","      Love how tough the putter shoe fabric is. Don't have worry about ripping fabric or whatever.When it rains your feet are warm and dry. Also, they're cute as hell.I'm a size 7 and had plenty of room for thicker socks if needed. So you have extra toe space in regular socks.    ","      Bought these boots for a hiking trip and my feet were comfortable and dry despite muddy and rainy trails. I’d strongly recommend wearing with above-the-ankle socks. Great shoes!    ","      I have these in tan too. Most comfortable boots in this genre I have ever owned.    ","      Not waterproof. Nice boots, however I am sitting at my desk with socks off and personal heater at my feet. I work outside, nothing crazy or abnormal, and my feet are damp. We had freezing rain today, I live in Ohio.    ","      Arrived one day before expected.  Haven't taken these on a good hike yet but they appear to be a nice lightweight hiking shoe    ","      Overall I love these boots.    ","      Hiked all over Iceland on rocky terrain, muddy terrain, slippery terrain, glaciers and the boots held up well. Comfortable, light, and offered great traction despite slippery, rocky and steep surfaces during rainy and windy conditions. Crossed several rocky streams with these boots and they are indeed waterproof. Feet never got wet. Highly recommended!    ","      These boots were very comfortable and supportive. They were very cute on and not too bulky. I did not end up keeping them because they were a bit too lightweight for what I was wanting. I think they would be a great light hiker in a temperate climate, but not sure they'd be that warm in snow or very cold weather.    ","      Out the box, 7 miles uphill in Yosemite NP. Nothing hurt. I sized 1/2 size up to account for my foot swelling in long distance hikes. I probably should have stayed with my normal size though. No complaints. Best hiking boots I’ve tried and great price! So happy!    ","      Great fit. Very lightweight and comfortable to hike the trail in these.    ","      The Best Boot from Columbia.  Completely Waterproof and fit true to size.  This is the 4th pair of Columbia's that I've gotten.  Great for Walking, Hiking, Any type of weather and I even wear mine when I ride my Motorcycle too.    ","      I absolutely love my new shoes.  Warm and dry, great traction so I'm not sliding all over and my feet have been warm and dry in this wet cold weather.  The part I love even more is they look like regular tennis shoes not big and bulky like most hiking boots but have all the same expectations. Very satisfied.    ","      Pour moi. Je les aime bien.    ","      Nothing, its a perfect fit.    ","      Bought these just before a camping trip and was glad I did -- i tested these in muddy, messy hiking conditions and they protected my feet and ankles from slips and slides.    ","      Okay, maybe it's just the way they fit my feet fit in the shoe or something - they've got amazing grip, they seem to be long-lasting, they're cute, but they DESTROYED my left heel coming back from an 8mi hike. Wear thick socks with these, order normal size.    ","      Wow finally a pair that fits. I have gone through 5 pairs until I found these. I haven't hiked in them yet but I'm hopeful that they will be perfect for me.    ","      Love these boots! They are not completely waterproof, but do a really good job of keeping water out. I have walked many many kilometers in these and they are always comfortable. They can keep your feet really warm in a cold area with a good pair of socks. I have also hiked in hot areas with thin socks and my feet were never too warm. I also really like how they look, which is an added bonus.    ","      I was searching for a cute and comfortable pair of boots to hike in, and I found these!  Not only are they cute, but they are very comfortable.  They have ankle support and they also have good grip/traction for hiking.  I highly recommend!    ","      Love these they are exactly what I was looking for. Very comfortable and warm and the fit is perfect    ","      Nice looking, well made, and comfortable hiking boots. Recommended by my lovely wife.    ","      Product fit perfectly. The boots were advertised “like new”, but I bet they were never worn. Loved a discounted price because of this.    ","      Extremely comfortable.  Broke it very quickly.    ","      My wife loved this product!    ","      It’s comfortable and rendered more support to my ankles and knees.  I am planning to replace the insoles to a more comfortable insole.  Otherwise a great hiking shoes.    ","      Shoe looks great but runs a little big. I needed insoles because there wasn't any arch support and my feet were cramping up on long hikes.    ","      Great fit and very waterproof!    ","      Best $80 I have ever spent. No blisters, comfortable, and wore them for the first time on a 4 mile hike that included a lot of scrambling in trekking in knee deep water.    ","      I love these. They are my first pair of hiking boots. They fit well, didn’t cause any blisters “breaking them in,” and have decent grip when hiking up rocky, muddy, or rough areas.    ","      Very good quality shoe for me after having reconstructive foot and ankle surgery.  Needed the arch and ankle support!  Having never worn a mid-rise hiking boot or shoe...  I am getting used to the high sides and little lower back rubbing on my ankles.  One suggestion was to get thicker socks which is what I will try next.    ","      I was looking for a winter-type boot for walking on our roads when they are slushy and snowy, as I walk quite a lot. My regular snow boots are too bulky, and my walking shoes/sneakers are not warm enough for Upstate NY winters. I ordered these Columbia boots and received them yesterday.  Right out of the box, they were already a comfy fit! I ordered a half-size up to accommodate wearing heavier socks, and they are perfect. This morning it was about 20' out (warm for here) and I walked with warm toes for about 3 miles. I do think that if temps drop significantly, I will need warmer socks, but the boots are great. Good support, waterproof, nice looking. Worth every penny.UPDATE: After 2 winters, salt deteriorated the lace hardware and it is all breaking off. Not happy.    ","      Awesome hiking boots. Very lightweight and comfortable. Only complaint is the right boot started to cut into my ankle a little, requiring a sock/pant adjustment and to loosen the boot. We forded streams and all sorts of rough terrain without any issue in these - great grip and pretty waterproof from what I experienced.    ","      Well made & very comfortable. True to size , I almost went with a wide width but glad now I didn't as its a perfect fit. Extremely comfortable could wear them every day.    ","      Great pair of hiking shoes. My first pair with high rising ankle and was afraid this was going to be uncomfortable but it wasn't at all.I hiked for hours in the rain through puddles and my feet were warm and dry. Comfy and definitely waterproof. I didn't need to break these in as they fit well from straight out of the box. Highly recommend!    ","      Excited to find a hiking boot in a size 12 for women.  Could use more arch support.  I just put an insert in and that seems to work.  Feet didn't get wet in the rain.  Haven't done a long hike yet, but wore them all day at work a couple days to break them in.    ","      The boots are a little big although they are a 7 which is my size.    ","      This shoe is great for hiking. It's really stiff & clunky if you plan to walk on cement/ asphalt    ","      These US Women's size 8.5 fit very small. This is my size in most other shoes. I couldn't even get my foot in these. Product not as advertised.    ","      Light weight ..great for!! Get them!!    ","      Comfortable around the ankles, no painful break-in period after I started wearing them. True to size.    ","      Slightly wider foot size cf. to other Crestwood Columbia boots. Colour is neutral so can match many items of clothing and it can be dressed up or down.Price was attractive too.    ","      I sized up based off reviews and I'm glad I did because if I hadn't I think they would've been a little too snug . These boots are awesome so far though, the test will just be if they hold up.    ","      Not stiff, very comfortable.  Used an arch insert for more support.    ","      \"im walking on sunshine\" comes in mind when i need to describe this. its true to size and my feet feel great in them. happy with the quality and really, just everything about them. thinking of getting it in another color too    ","      My last pair lasted for years. Quality has gone down hill. This pair lasted 2 weeks before they started falling apart.    ","      Had these for a few months now pretty good still look new and holding up well. One of them seems to making a clopping sound can’t ever figure which one no matter how I tie my laces. Maybe I walk wrong.    ","      Great boots to keep me safe and dry when I am adventuring outdoors! Love these    ","      Haven't gone on a long time yet but so far I love them. They looked narrow and normally I need wide shoes but they fit great. Have walked around in them to help break them in and had no issues so far. UPDATE: these made it all the way through my geology field camp and were great. Particularly on wet days and against cactus.    ","      These shoes are great for hiking and outdoor use plus there cuter than most hiking shoes. I love them! They even did well on some snow up in the mountains! Highly recommend!    ","      Son las Botas que esperaba, me encantaron...    ","      Great hiking shoes.  I did Machu Picchu and the hills in Cusco and the islands of lake Titikaka.  Your feet will be proctected with excellent support.  Super easy to clean.  Don’t forget wool socks when going hiking.  Make sure you tight them correctly, it’s an art but necessary to get the right support for your ankles.    ","      I love the boots but the lace loop broke. I definitely want another pair! Warm and keeps my feet warm!    ","      These are my favorite hiking boots I've ever owned. They're super comfortable and sturdy.    ","      After experiencing some problems with other brands, I ordered a larger size.  This is not necessary, as these seem to run true to size.  However, they do have a weird break across the two box that I didn't particularly like.  This may be resolved with the correct size.    ","      Bought this pair for my daughter for work. She loves them. They give her support around her ankles and are comfortable. I am going to buy myself a pair.    ","      I am so happy with these boots. I took them on a trip without breaking them in first, and they were great. Super comfortable. I wear an 11 in dress shoes and a 12 in all sporting shoes. I was worried about the color, but they are a light gray and I like them. I am also happy  they worked out because were the ONLY women's hiking boot I could find in a 12- thank you Columbia! Nothing from Lands end, LLBean, Keen, anyone...    ","      Took these shoes to Fall Creek Falls. They have excellent ankle support.    ","      These boots are exactly what I was looking for. They’re cute. Great for light hiking & taking walks in a rainy city. Kept my feet dry. They run large. I got an 8 (my usual size in boots) and had to exchange them for a 7.5.    ","      Amazing. I hiked 13 miles two days after getting these and they were perfectly comfortable. Great shoe for its intended value and looks great!!    ","      I like the Columbia brand hiking shoe. I always buy the same size and they always fit.    ","      Such a comfortable boot, waterproof,  and the non-slip sole is a bonus    ","      Today is my first day to wear them. I am breaking them in before I a major hike. I will need to wear them more before I can give a full review.I have had them on for 7 hours so far and just a small amount of discomfort but this is my first day to wear them.    ","      These shoes worked great for hiking with my boyfriend. They worked extremely well through the mud and my feet did not get wet at all throughout the entire 8 mile hike we took. They also fit perfectly, they are true to size.    ","      Comfortable, waterproof and true to size    ","      These shoes are amazing.  I wore them today on a hike and I had no back issues and they are very durable. Very much so worth my money!    ","      After doing a lot of research and shopping, I finally decided on these hiking boots. I absolutely love them. They are extremely durable and the waterproof quality of them is incredible. I used them for 4 weeks while hiking through Norway, and they are still in tip top condition (minus a lot of mud). I would definitely recommend buying these!    ","      Got as expected, exactly what I needed    ","      The shoes were comfortable and easy to break in.  Did not keep my feet as warm as anticipated.    ","      Great design, quality interior and exterior materials. Because I need more arch support I will purchase an insole insert but excellent product overall.    ","      These boots are 1/2 to 1 whole size smaller, due to the narrower cut.  They are somewhat narrow, thus the complaints of the seam digging into the tops of people's feet.  I did not have this problem, but they are very snug with regular socks. It you plan to wear these with thick socks, order a size larger.  I am a size 10B.  The 10.5 B I ordered fit like a 9.5N.  I am exchanging them for an 11B, since they don't come in wide width    ","      When you walk the sides and toes rub a little, and they fit appropriate otherwise. Too slow in the mail to send back.    ","      My girl is trully happy with these pair. Good quality.    ","      Fit comfortably! A little more room in the toe area. I’m assuming for thicker socks. But yet great.    ","      Added an insert for more cushion    ","      Comfortable right out of the box kept my feet warm and dry on my hike last weekend.    ","      They are perfect for hiking. I use mine all the time.  🥾    ","      Shoes are accurate fit, very comfortable. Perfect for hiking.    ","      I'm on my second pair they are great work shoes. Very well made and so comfy!    ","      Columbia shoes seem to run on the larger side,ordered a pair of their sandals and they also run larger.Have not  really worn these yet just tried them on so I dont know how they will feel wearing them.    ","      They run big... but good quality.. I wear size 10 but if I could I would of bought size 9.5...    ","      I wear a 9; however, I had to purchase a 10. Although my feet are narrow because I am barefoot most of the time but my toes expand outwards. The first time I wore these I went on a two and a half hour hike and they were comfortable.    ","      These are great had a pair for two years I had to get another pair    ","      Awesome shoes, bought them for hiking in the Grand Canyon in Janurary, through snow, some ice, slippery mud, solid mud, and sand. The shoes did great! Kept my feet warm and dry the whole time! A littttle slippery when it was solid ice but that's to be expected. I bought mine a half size bigger because I wear wool socks and they did a great job. Didn't take much to break them in but I do have high arches but a $5 Kroger pair of insoles did the job.    ","      Received as a gift. Have really held up well. They are water proof so might be a little warm to wear in the summer. They have been great here in the Pacific Northwest, rain, puddles, sprayed with a hose, waterproof 100%.    ","      I received my shoes today, but one of the laces has broken as in that photo i sent to you, so I would like to have a new lace for my shoes, thank you!    ","      The only issue I had with the boot was it was loose in the upper part on my leg. I’ll be wearing thicker socks so that will help. For looks, fit, wearability and value, these boots get a 5 from me.    ","      We ordered 2 pairs one men’s and the other women’s....these fit like a glove we both are in love with these hiking boots! We hiked a trail at Grandfather Mountain this weekend through tons of rocks and water and they were amazing, waterproof with superior grip.  Again we are both pleased with them and if we wear them out we will be ordering again.    ","      I ordered a size 8 because I have a Columbia boot in that size, but this fits a little bigger than expected.  I fit between 7.5 and 8 and wish I got the 7.5 but will keep the size 8.  Very comfortable and looking forward to using them in Alaska    ","      Love these!! Fit great! Very comfortable    ","      Fantásticas!    ","      I am glad I chose these shoes. I wore them the first time for a 6-mile bumpy hike. I was worried I would have to break them first on a short hike, it turned out I felt no discomfort on climbing up/down on the first hime. I am glad I chose them.    ","      A little rough not broken in! I’d recommend wearing them in normal life before actually hiking in them to break them in a bit. Otherwise they were great for hiking!!    ","      I love them! Took them on a 3 day hiking trip, and even though they were brand new they were still comfortable. Definitely waterproof! Love the color and they fit just GREAT! Even have some room for wool socks. Most comfortable hiking shoes I've had. I'm size 10.5 - 11 and ordered size 11 since I had no other option and they fit great. Price is good too!    ","      I bought these for hiking in Scotland.  I was a little concerned when I first wore them as they seemed a bit bulky and my feet hurt a little, but once I put some foam inserts in them (in all fairness I use them in all my boots) I was able to hike all day in comfort.  We hiked in the rain and had to cross streams.  My feet were still dry at the end of my hike.    ","      They fit a bit large but that is because I bought them a bit large on purpose since I have wide feet and it is difficult for me to find the right fit. I love these boots they are warm, I can walk right on puddles and they stay dry and toasty all day long! They don't slip on the snow which is very important for me. I would definitely recommend them to anyone, they are very good quality and materials and does the job for a harsh winter. They are also cute looking! I'm very happy with them.    ","      I bought these to go hiking for my first time ever, and I didn't really get a chance to really break them in before I went, and even though I also didn't have hiking socks on, the boots were super comfortable and I had no blisters after hiking a 10 mile trail. Unfortunately, during my hike, we a bad rain storm hit so about half of the trek back was made in heavy rain and after I got back to my car, my feet were actually dry. Therefore, I don't have much hiking experience, but I would greatly recommend these boots to anyone.    ","      Amazing and fit great. Ordered my usual 7.5 and they fit great. Wearing a Nike sports sock in it and not to loose or tight. Most importantly these are super cute,    ","      Lightweight, great quality, stylish look. Highly recommend!    ","      I wore these during a hiking excursion in Belize in October. We were there during the rainy season so it was really important I had something that were comfortable, had good traction and would keep my feet relatively dry. These boots had great traction! I wore them at least 13 hours and once I learned to tie them properly they were also pretty comfortable. The only not-so-great part was my feet eventually ended up completely soaked - total bummer. I'm still glad I got them!    ","      These are so comfortable!!  Very light on the feet, so I don't feel like I've got concrete block on my feet.  So glad I purchased these.    ","      Había sido un sueño por muchos años!En mi país Colombia no tenemos estas oportunidades tan a menudo.Gracias    ","      Love, love, love these hikers! I’m a perfect 10.5 women's shoe size and it’s hard to find them. These fit perfectly (10.5) and are very cute and affordable! I walked miles in them the first time and no rubbing or blisters at all!    ","      They felt really tight when I first got them and I got a half size bigger. my feet arent exactly narrow but after using these boots to go hiking a few times they loosened up. the tight is good because it doesn't allow my feet to move around in my shoe when I'm hiking. they are also pretty good looking. I'd recommend these to anyone who does hiking    ","      Yo quería que me quedara pero no está muy sacado o muy apretado como lo dicen ustedes me decepciono    ","      I’m a size 7 and I ordered a 7. They did fit out of the box but a little big -some thick socks and they were perfect! They look great and should last me many years. Very happy with my purchase.    ","      Great boot for walking/ hiking. Light weight and comfortable.    ","      They look great and are lightweight.  But, I have two problems with them.  First, I can definitely feel where they will get that toe crease and I could tell the first time I put them on.  Second, I am quite sure that they are not leather.  I just revisited the site and I got the black pair.  The word \"leather\" disappears for this boot.  But, further down it says that it is leather and mesh.It seems a bit false to have some colors be leather and others not.Also, there is no Columbia logo on them, which did not bother me, really, but it could mean these are a knock-off.Bottom line is that I will probably return them.  I believe I can get a pair of real leather boots for the same price.    ","      I haven't worn these hiking yet, my true test for hiking boots is after at least 4-5 miles. That's usually when my feet start really hurting so time will tell, but I did wear them out just into town and they seem comfortable. I know that's not much help.    ","      These hiking boots are awesome! I was debating between getting wide or regular but the regular fit just fine. Super comfortable and have great support.    ","      Leyendo los comentarios de que el zapato era más pequeño ordené media talla más (talla 9 US, 26 cm)  de la que usualmente uso (8.5 US 25.5 cm), pero el zapato es demasiado grande y ancho, por lo que aconsejo pedir su talla normal o media talla menos, un 8 me hubiese quedado bien. Devolví el producto.    ","      I LOVE these boots! Used them literally every day on a 3.5 week trip all around the United Kingdom, walking through puddles, mud, and cold weather and my toes never got wet and I had great support in the arch and ankle!    ","      I normally wear a size 10 and had tried a size 10 of these boats on in a store.  Thought they were a little small and they did not have any larger sizes.  I looked up the shoe on Amazon and was so happy to see a 10.5 available as often, an 11 is usually a bit big.  I have been wearing these boots around the house the last couple days and they feel wonderful.    ","      Good boots! First trip out in them, it rained the whole time. My feet stayed completely dry! Completely waterproof! Grip on the bottom of the shoes is fantastic! Was expecting problems with grip based on other reviews, but I've had no problems whatsoever! Been backpacking two times now in these shoes and they are fit perfectly! Very comfortable. A bit heavy and stuffy for the feet. A very good purchase.    ","      I like everything about them.  Everyday wear if appropriate for how I'm dressed    ","      I can definitely say those shoes can be worn in snow winter (-7C) as well as hiking on dry hills. It was frost but I didn’t feel a thing! Thick and warm shoes. Of course you should wear some thermal underwear and thick socks. They are waterproof but I still put some protective spray on.    ","      Aesthetically these boots are nice. But like so many others said the top of the boot bends and rubbed the top of my foot with each step. The quality isn't quite there. The price is good but just spend the extra $$ to get a good pair of hikers. I returned these.    ","      I am very happy with these shoes.  I have looked for black hiking boots for awhile and I love these.  I have worn them for a few days and they are ready to go hiking now. I ordered a size 9 which is my normal size shoe.  I will be buying them again.    ","      Just what I was looking for to keep feet comfortable, warm, and dry! Great fit and looks good on the foot. Excellent traction yet not a heavy boot.    ","      Love the shoe and everything about it! Except it came with the magnet sensor still on it.... and basically every store is closed so I can’t go get it removed so I can use them soon... not sure what to do about that but maybe Google will know. Otherwise a perfect shoe!    ","      Parfait pour la randonnée. Bottes très légères    ","      I have been wearing these for months now and can tell they will last! I am not a super frequent hiker, but whenever I do, I use them and they are sturdy and reliable, but still feel very comfortable! Great investment!    ","      I was a bit hesitant about these shoes,but the color is perfect.Not too bright, but it has a touch of that pink. They fit really comfortable,  and they look good! Not weird looking on the front either.    ","      Son unas botas demasiado cómodas y muy resistentes. Las use para subir el pico de Orizaba y no sufrí de frio. Me quedaron un poco grandes (un numero) con respecto al que uso normalmente pero para lo que las quiero si me funcionan.    ","      As with all Columbia products, you can't beat them.    ","      I absolutely love these boots. I have a job where I walk around in the woods all day, and they are exactly what I was looking for. I especially like that they are black and brown so they pretty much match everything. They also keep my feet very dry. I would absolutely purchase this pair of shoes again!!!    ","      Recieved in a timely mater, shoes were comfortable right out of the box    ","      I already have a pair of brown Columbia hiking boots and I wore them all over Europe. Unlike my tennis shoes, they kept my feet comfortable while walking over cobblestoned areas. So, it was an easy choice to return to the Columbia brand when I wanted a pair of black boots.    ","      Could use a bit more arch support but overall I am very pleased. Especially for the price. Disclaimer - Only hiked in them once so far and they did fine. I was surprised how comfy they were considering that they were fresh out of the box stiff. That gives me hope that they will only improve.    ","      Que decían que eran muy cómodos adentro de la bota y por eso la escogí y son muy duros    ","      My favorite pair of boots! They are very comfortable and sturdy. Wear them every day for work.    ","      I needed some boots for hiking while in Rwanda and normally I don't buy shoes online, especially ones that I need to trust for support, but it was last minute and I made such a good decision. These boots were perfection and completely water proof. Everything was true to description    ","      I wore these boots hiking the mountains in Australia all I can say is WOW, so comfortable.  Saved my feet, my lungs well that’s a whole other story.  They are so comfortable I’m going to wear them for style too.  I saw the same style in stores to wear with jeans.    ","      Amazing shoe. Fits very comfortably. The shoes came right on time. Very happy with the purchase    ","      These have been great so far, they fit as expected and I even have a wider foot but not quite enough to look for specifically wide shoes. They are a bit stiff, but that is to be expected.    ","      These boots are EXCELLENT. I usually wear 6.5/7 and have wide feet so I bought these in 7's. Hiked all weekend long in Michigan's upper peninsula through mud, water, rocky cliffs, etc, and have no complaints whatsoever! No break-in period was needed either. The 7's were a bit loose, but I wasn't wearing proper hiking socks so I'm sure with thicker socks they'll be just fine. Would definitely recommend!    ","      Read reviews and ordered half a size larger, it fitted perfectly so thank you reviewers!Took them in an intense hiking trip this past weekend and they were perfect! No blisters, perfect fit, good traction even on slippery areas (sand, loose rocks). I wore them with tall, thick socks just to make sure my feet were protected and I felt their ventilation was very good.    ","      Used for hiking and worked well. Used in shallow water too and didn’t leak through.    ","      I love them! There are waterproof,  breathable and have a very high traction grip, exactly how they say. They are very light and fit amazing on the foot. Perfect for hiking.    ","      Very comfortable and not too heavy. Keeps my feet warm and dry in rain.    ","      I haven't really used them yet, but they are super light. I walked around in them briefly and they are really comfortable and seem to have good bend and flexibility to the soles. They also have really good ankle support, but not too much that it's bothersome. I'm really picky when it comes to my shoes because I have plantar fasciitis, but I think these are a great pair of boots. I would buy them again.    ","      Great looking boot.  Comfortable fit and surprisingly easy to get on and off.    ","      I bought these before a recent camping trip that was expected to be rainy and they were exactly what I needed! They were warm, tough and I was able to trudge through the mud with no problem. By the end of the weekend, I could feel they weren't totally broken in yet, but that's to be expected. I can't wait to wear them again!    ","      I loved how this boots fit my feet.  They fit very nice with thicker hiking socks on.  I had tried these pairs at a local retailer.  I knew they fit me.  I have gone out for a hiking already, and they are very comfortable and light.  I have short and wide feet.  But this 8M fits nice while other brand's 8M seemed too tight for me.  I did not buy the pair at the retailer because I needed to check Amazon.  Sure enough, Amazon offered a significant discount.  I loved it.    ","      Excellent fit, comfortable and provides top support during arduous hikes    ","      Elle sont parfaites, super confortable et imperméable. Je les adorent. Acheter pour une deuxième fois 🤩🤩    ","      Great boot when it comes to waterproofing and ankle support but got a giant blister going downhill after a mountain hike. There may have been a manufacturing problem because something was poking out inside the shoe. Needless to say I wouldn’t buy them again because now I HAVE to wear a bandaid in order to wear them but other than that they are a decent boot.    ","      I love these boots. I really don't have much to compare with, but these are great. I would suggest wearing these around for a little bit before you go hiking (if you get the leather ones.)    ","      Lightweight yet super sturdy and supportive. Love em    ","      These boots are AMAZING! I bought a pair for my trip to Iceland. Iceland has some really rough terrain but these boots got me through all the hikes and kept my feet warm. They are waterproof and have good grip when climbing on wet rocks and crossing rivers. Highly recommend getting these for such a great price.    ","      It isn't bad for an inexpensive hiking boot.  It does not have good arch support and I think that the arch of the boot isn't in the same place as the arch of my foot.  They are very inflexible; i.e. they do not bend. I wore them around the house and could tell after a few hours that they wouldn't be right for me.  Wiggle room in the toe box is good and can accommodate a heavy sock. They are a bit longer in length than the Keen I have tried.    ","      Amazing hiking boots for almost every weather condition. Very water resistant, walked through nearly ankle deep water without my socks getting wet. Very comfortable, light weight.Only con is that the tongue tends to jut out and needs adjusting here and there regardless of how I tie the laces    ","      Wearing them right now and I am so inlove! I work production for festivals, so havign these boots when the fields are soaking wet is perfect because they are completly water proof. The ankel is great for support for long days of walking or hiking. I'll recomend to my friends for sure    ","      Pros:Boot fit perfectly. I'm an 8.5, ordered an 8.5, and took them to work the next day with no blisters. They are waterproof. Good grip on them.Cons:However, I read a lot of reviews before purchasing these boots and trusted them but my boots did not meet my expectations. I love and trust Colombia, but these boots get extremely hot with a little sunlight. Your feet feel as if they are burning and I often have to put water on them to cool them down. I'm a field biologist working in San Clemente Island and we hike where there's lots of cholla and prickly pears. The cholla went right through my boots! Very painful. The worst part is that this is the only pair of boots I have with me on the island so I have to suffer with them until I get off.    ","      Great service, everything arrived as described. Fits true to size with room for thicker socks as well.    ","      I love these! So comfortable. I was hesitant to get boots online without trying them on but they are perfect. I used them to hike around right after it snowed and ended up accidentally stepping in a deep puddle of ice water and they sure are waterproof. Not a drop went inside.    ","      Fit well, good to walk and hike. Waterproof. Good ankle support.    ","      I bought them for a caving tour at Mammoth Cave national park in Kentucky. These are really cute, and the ankle support is really comfortable and flexible. The traction on the sole is great, so I could also wear them in snowy Michigan. They keep your feet dry and warm in the snow! But your feet do get hot after wearing them indoor for a couple hours.    ","      Haven’t broken them in completely, but they fit snugly with a bit of extra toe room for thick socks and swelling after a long hike. Tested them out in wet terrain and they are waterproof, as advertised. Also got great traction on slippery rocks while fishing at the levee. Great boots!    ","      Very good looking boots!  Comfortable and sturdy!  And waterproof!!    ","      I really like these. I have a hard time with shoes and this is the 3rd pair of hiking boots I've tried to buy and couldn't get the size right.I wear between a 10.5 and 11 and ordered a 10.5. They were a little snug when I first tried them on but after wearing them around town for 2 days they fit perfectly. We went for a 6 mile hike the weekend after I'd gotten them and they were perfect!    ","      I am normally a 12.  These run a little big, but that is good for thick hiking socks.  Read up on different tying methods to stop toe crease in the boot.    ","      Comfy and warm, true to size, just the crease above the left big toe started to hurt I’m hoping they will soften up and that will go away    ","      My wife absolutely loves these boots! I ordered them for her especially since she has major back problems and her back didn't hurt at all while we were hiking. In fact, she stated that they were some of the best boots she has ever worn!    ","      I had to return these. All the shoes made like this dog into the top of my foot about an inch above the toe range. Not sure why they get such good reviews but returning them was the easiest experience ever.    ","      THIS IS THE BEST WOMENS HIKING BOOT OUT THERE FOR THE MONEY.    ","      love love these boots would love to get another pair    ","      I needed a new pair of boots for walking in the park with the dog.  These are perfect and I love buying a local Portland product..Go Columbia Sportswear!!Excellent fit, not heavy and supportive to my aging knees and ankles..these could be good mud trail hiking boots if I still did that..but I don't..flat walking in the park is about all I can manage at 74.  Sucks.    ","      Bought these for my teenaged daughter for backpacking trips. She’s worn them in the rain and on dry trips as well. They’re a perfect fit for her and keep her feet warm and dry. Great purchase!    ","      Buy them for my mom as a gift and she love them, they are pretty soft and comfortable, also keep your feet warm and don’t let any water go inside    ","      I really like them but they could be a little less stiff in the sole.  I've have them the weeks and they ste still stiff    ","      I love the warmth and the fit of the boots; however, I only wore the shoes 1 full shift and 3 hours into my shift, the buckle for the laces popped off. I mean literally popped off. I have purchased Columbia boots before, and they lasted a full year. But this has never happened to any of my other boots and I have a boot collection. I am forced to return the boots.    ","      It is true to size.  I normally wear a 6 but I ordered a half size bigger for thicker socks, should have ordered a 6. I ordered these boots for my first hiking trip to Colorado. They held up great in the snow, rain, mud. They are very comfortable.    ","      I bought these boots for my wife, who was looking for a replacement for her aging Dexter boots.  These fit the bill.  They are waterproof and warm, and true to size.  Being leather, they were slightly stiff out of the box, but after a few days of wear, were very comfortable.  Build quality looks good.    ","      These were my first pair of hiking boots and they were perfect. They didnt require any “breaking in” time and i went on many long hikes with them in chile and south africa with no problems. They are very comfortable and easy to put on and take off. Highly recommend    ","      Top part of boot is stiff but I'm expecting that to lesson after time    ","      I bought these in size 7.5 which is the normal size I buy in boots and running shoes and they fit perfectly! Very sturdy boots with a surprising amount of support and foot room! Cannot wait to hike in these boots after I break them in!    ","      Purchased for my daughter. He really liked them as we hiked around MiniHaHa Waterfalls. Very comfortable and waterproof as we crossed a stream. Great price    ","      Very happy with my purchase.  They are exactly what I wanted.    ","      I have only worn these at home so far. I have arch supports and was looking for something that would accommodate them. These fit perfectly with my arch supports. There is plenty of room in the toe box so they aren’t too snug. Can’t wait to hike in them!    ","      They run a little small, but they are VERY comfy! I wore them every day for 2 weeks and my feet never hurt, never got wet in the rain. Recently wore on a trip to NY wore around Times Square etc because it was cold. My feet stayed warm!  I will absolutely buy again!    ","      The boot is very lightweight and comfortable    ","      These fit as expected and provide good ankle support. It took a couple days to break them in but they’re really comfortable now. I have really narrow feet and my feet don’t feel like they’re swimming around.    ","      I have worn my Columbia Hiking boots for several years, I hiked so much I wore out the bottoms of my first pair and bought myself another pair.  I then bought these for my daughter that works on her feet all day long, she loves them as well!  This is the review I have written year after year...  BUT this time, my boots don't fit the same..  My old ones are more comfortable, just the soles are worn down, these are tighter and are NOT as comfortable..  just bought a new pair.  Went a size up..  sadly the toe box is too narrow. .  Never used to be    ","      Beautiful boots, comfortable right out of the box! Order your usual shoe size; I normally buy up a half size when buying boots, and these would have been too big. Ordered my usual size 7 and they fit perfectly with thick socks.    ","      I love these SO MUCH. I normally wear a 8 or 9 so I got a 8.5. They're a little big but I figure I'll just wear thick socks in the winter with them. Definitely a great buy. Dont hesitate! Get these    ","      Honestly cannot recommend these enough -- purchased them before a trip to Glacier National Park but also wear them a lot for hiking back in Arizona. Great ankle support and fit overall; not too tight in toes and doesn't give me blisters. LOVE LOVE LOVE.    ","      Waterproof indeed! Its very comfy although my partners one rubs on the ankle    ","      This is my 3rd pair of hiking boots from Columbia. I think they are great. I can actually buy them on line and they fit great.I still have my 2nd pair of boots for home and have a new pair to keep in our R.V. I told my friend about these boots last year, we went shopping for her and she end up really like them too. Thank you Columbia for making a boot that fits my feet.    ","      True to size and comfortable. Perfect for dirt bike tracks.    ","      I got these for a trip to Scotland.  I wore these everyday and I didn't even have to break them in - and I did a lot of hiking and just walking around towns.  Very comfortable.  Not once did I slip on wet leaves or wet cobblestone.    ","      These shoes look great on, I bought the black/red ones. They're nice and roomy in the toe box. I wear a 7.5 in regular shoes and bought an 8.5. The fit is perfect for hiking, long enough that my toes won't hit when going downhill. However, they have very little arch support and I was not able to get them to fit quite right around the ankles. Will be returning them.    ","      These are great boots. Easy to clean, great grip and very dry and warm inside. So good, I'm getting another pair in a different colour.    ","      I have bought them twice. Very happy to have found them again.    ","      This is my second pair of these boots. I use them as every day work boots outdoors. My first pair lasted me over 2 years. Very comfortable and great support for standing all day every day. Hold up well in the rain and mud.    ","      Great quailty and comfortable.  They are just a little big but that will be perfect with the right hiking socks.    ","      always use this boots with long socks, my mistake was really painful the first time I used without it. Even though I didn't walk a lot! It took time to the shoes to feel really comfortable!    ","      I've had for several months and they are holding up great    ","      I love these, they are lightweight but provide the support that I need for plantar fasciitis, oh and hiking!. I am going to buy different laces, as they tend to come undone.    ","      I really wanted to love them. They run a bit narrow for hiking boots and also rub above the inside of ankle.    ","      Exactly what I was looking for.  Great fit, comfortable.    ","      Love the shoes! They are perfect for cold weather or warm. I have been able to use them when I go hiking or casually going out. Best boots to have if you like to go abroad and travel. I love the color.    ","      I really like these boots. They have great traction on hills, gravel and mud and are true to size. The toe crease bothered me on my first hike, but they are nicely broken in now. Cleaned up well after a spray with the hose!    ","      El zapato es para uso senderismo, es cómodo pero no me duró nada a lactar de puesta se despegó el plástico de la punta    ","      I like these boots, they have held up well the last 6 months. Still waterproof. I have to tight them a little differently so the metal doesn't dig into the top of my foot. Overall I don't love them but still good quality.    ","      I'm loving these boots. I had been searching for a good hiking boot that I can wear on my hikes as well during yard work. I wanted something supportive around my ankles and good thread. These are it. I'm currently wearing them now to break them in and they are amazing.    ","      Size of the shoes goes just right. I would give four stars instead of five and the reason is that the shoes are so easily get dirty when there is dust on the road. I cannot tell the original color of the shoes after walked on a dirt road.    ","      Best hiking boots I’ve owned! Fast delivery and never even had to break them in, comfortable from day one. Sometimes the top can rub my ankle a little sore but nothing a good pair of socks can’t fix. Would buy these again absolutely!    ","      Used on 7 5-10 mile hikes so far. Good width, lightweight, somewhat waterproof, but does bend at an awkward spot at the toe which can cause some irritation when you’re up to you 6th mile in. It’s not like it’s unbearable, just annoying. Was just hoping for something in this price range to be a little more thought through. It also runs a little small.    ","      Very comfortable straight out of the box. Love how lightweight these are! I’ve gone on a few hikes with these so far (one over 8 miles) and have zero complaints. I love that these look a little casual and I don’t feel out of place wearing them out and about for whatever we’re doing before/after a hike.    ","      I purchased these for my mother as she was looking for a work shoe. She needed something sturdy and waterproof, yet all of the work shoes she saw in stores were either ridiculously heavy and steel towed or aimed toward people that do a lot of walking indoors. I saw these and thought they might work and they are perfect! Even on the rainiest day her feet remain dry yet they're still lightweight and comfortable!    ","      I’m usually a 6 and the size 6 fit perfect even with thick socks. I’ve used these 3-4 times now during hikes with different terrain; rocky, grassy, muddy and wet, even used them for some rock scrambling and they have held up well! I’m happy with my purchase :)    ","      I love them. Very  comfortable    ","      I have been wearing these boots for about 2 weeks now and they seem to be good so far. Fairly warm, light weight, and waterproof. They fit around my foot nicely, but they do rub on my ankle bones somewhat, but that is getting better the more they start to break in. A couple more weeks of wear and they should be broke in enough for trail hiking.    ","      Took these boots on a 35 mile hike on the MD portion of the AT. I broke the boots in on this trip and came out with blisters albeit none of them were impairing my performance. My blisters only grew smaller as the trip went on. Just break them in before you go and these will  be perfect for you.    ","      I'm only giving four stars because I don't know how much it will stretch once I've really broken them in, but the shoe fits very snug. I had to order a 1/2 size smaller than what I normally wear in a running shoe.    ","      Bought these for an upcoming trip to the Swiss Alps.  I’ve been wearing them around to make sure they are broken in before my trip.  They fit perfectly and are very comfortable.    ","      It's totally going to last a few years.    ","      Really nice boots. Not cheap, but you get what you pay for. Stylish and comfortable. Been wearing them for a few months now, almost daily, and so far they've held up just fine.    ","      I used these to hike up Mt. Batur in Bali. They did a pretty good job of handling volcanic ash and sand on the steep slope. I would highly recommend.    ","      I like the style of the boot.  I  dislike that the boot is not \"WATERPROOF,\"  and could be a little more comfortable in the foot bed.  I received these boots in the mail on 1/31 and I wore them today (2/4) due to the snow melting. I thought these would do the job but I was very disappointed because I work outside all day and had wet feet for almost 11 hours.  I am hoping I can exchange these boots for a better pair.  I gave 2 stars because they are not waterproof as described and the foot bed does not have the best comfort.  I suggest buying a pair of insoles if you are going to be working in these boots all day.    ","      Better than expected.  These boots fit and feel great.    ","      I tried these boots on at a store and passed on them. I couldn't forget about how well they fit though, and how light they were. Being waterproof was just a bonus! I decided that I needed these and so I went on Amazon, where I was happy to find they were cheaper than at the store. The color is a nice cool gray, with just the right blue to accent it. Everything about these are comfortable! Able to go hiking on and off trails comfortably!    ","      Very comfortable! Wore them in Iceland for 5 days and did not take any other shoes. Wore them 1-2 days to break them in before we left but didn’t really need to. I got a size 9...~ 1/2 size bigger. Perfect! I usually wear 8.5 or occasionally 9.    ","      These are my second pair of hiking boots. They are light, truly water resistant and I was able to hike 11 miles without any issues the first day. Awesome pair of boots!!!    ","      They are a little loose for me even though I purchased my usual size. But they have held up beautifully. Especially when tied a bit tighter on a particularly long hike.    ","      Fit great, such high quality boots for the price. They are warm but still wearable in the summertime. No issues with the waterproof-ness! The traction on the bottoms its awesome- used them in the desert and the snowy woods.    ","      Great boots and are waterproof. When breaking them in, they made my toes hurt a little bit but I'm unsure of whether this was because of my foot or if this is consistent with the boot.    ","      I have been on a countless amount of hikes wearing my running shoes.  It feels so amazing to have actual hiking boots.  I plan to go hiking within the next week and try them out.  I got size 11 W not too tight and very comfy!  I'm so happy I bought these.  The delivery was fast as well with prime.    ","      Love the design, a bit on the heavier side but still easy to walk on. Also is very easy to clean off the surface when walking on dirty or mud. Serves its purpose, love my boots.    ","      I wore these boots for the 1ST TIME, hiking through the Rocky Mountains and exploring Denver, Colorado. They were extremely comfy without having to break them in and we’re completey waterproof. The only thing is that they will rub your ankles raw if you don’t wear thick socks.    ","      Really comfortable, kept feet warm and dry    ","      I bought this for my first all day height. It first great and is super durable. I bought the size I usually order and it fit perfectly.    ","      Love these boots! Kept me warm and dry in super cold and snowy weather! Would be again and again. Perfect fit for my 8.5 flat feet. Very comfortable for prolonged wear and everyday use.    ","      I love it. I have had other hiking shoes before but this one is very comfy and lightweight. Only regret is that it runs slightly big. But the suggested size for me was 6.5 but I went ahead with my usual 7. So I am giving it 5 stars anyway as its my fault for not taking the suggested advice! With thick hiking socks, its perfect. highly recommended!    ","      Very happy with these boots. They are roomy and I’ll defin wear thicker socks with these. They kept my feet warm and dry and the first day I wore them I had them all 5 hours while doing yard cleanup and I didn’t get blisters. Very pleased.    ","      After reading the reviews I decided to get a half size larger and am glad that I did.  We are planning a big camping trip and I wanted to make sure the boots were well broken in before that.  The first time I tried them on they were comfortable--no need to break them in.  I walked a couple of miles in them and had no new-shoe pain.  These are a great boot and have the quality I expect from Columbia.    ","      I bought these for my wife, and we used them on a hike today. The shoes are great and require no break-in. I have the Mens Newton Ridge Plus II boots and they are just as nice as these. She is a standard width, and these shoes fit her perfectly. I would advise to order your exact size, as these shoes are sized just right. No need to up-size or down-size.    ","      Everything was as expected!!    ","      Might run half a size smaller than your usual. Nice design, doesn’t look bulky at all. My wife is excited to go on our hikes!    ","      These are the perfect pair of hiking boots. They provide great support, are completely waterproof and super comfortable. I wore these during a trip to the mountains of Peru and used them literally everyday.    ","      I wore these hiking boots through thick, slimy mud and they came through for me. I didn't feel any wetness - definitely worth the money to buy them. I love them and plan on wearing them more often for hikes!    ","      Excellent fit and very comfortable.    ","      Barely needed to even break them in. Went hiking in Colorado and they have not disappointed me yet!    ","      Great boots! The color is great and so is the fit. They aren't snug or too loose. I bought a half size up for thick socks but even with thin socks they aren't loose they fit well. Used them for hiking around a swampy area, dry dusty area, and rocky area, these boots have conquered every terrain!    ","      I really like these boots. It took a few days to break them in, but that's to be expected. And because I plan on walking and hiking around in these boots for long periods of time , I got then a half size larger to allow for the usual foot swell and thicker socks. These boots are light to not like the other hiking boots I've owned in the past, so there is not that extra weight to lug about.    ","      I didn't submerge in water, but walks to shallow creeks with them on and my feet stayed completely dry. Very comfortable. Grips rock well for climbing. I didn't really break them in before taking them to Colorado for hiking and never got blisters or sore feet. Great boots!    ","      Great price and fit. So glad I bought these boots for wet, slippery walking in the Highlands of Scotland. I didn't want to spend an arm and a leg for something I do 2 weeks a year. Highly recommend.    ","      Columbia is a great product.    ","      This is my third pair of the boots. They are great, comfortable and easy to keep.    ","      I feel safe walking on snow and water. Very confortable, not really heavy, perfect my size.Good for winter time in Canada.    ","      They are very comfortable! Didn't even have to break them in!    ","      Overall a nice comfortable boot with good fit , very satisfied and would purchase them again.    ","      These are great boots! Durable. Great fit. Comfortable. High top protects the ankle. Great quality. No blisters after a long day of hiking. Great, fashionable look, too.    ","      Bought this for a hiking trip in Banff. I wore once before, to make sure I didn't need to break them in. Worked out perfectly. Fits true to size. I usually wear a size 8 and ordered an 8 and fits perfectly.    ","      It is so comfortable shoes. Easy clean too,  i like it so much!    ","      These boots are so comfortable soft leather and low at the heel like the true hiking boots are. I wear them all the time and didn’t have to break them in even. The lace up is most efficient & easy.    ","      These boots fit perfectly. They are well made and will be perfect for hiking and inclimate weather.    ","      I wear a size 8 Wide in sneakers, so I was taking my chance on these 8M.  They fit nicely with enough room for a little heavier sock.  They are comfortable to walk in all day.  I sprayed them with boot protection, as I will be using these in the woods.  Very pleased with these.  I highly recommend these and the price was very good compared to other hiking boots.    ","      I love these shoes.  They fit perfect right out of the box.  I've worn them in tall, very wet grass and thru puddles and my socks and feet stay nice and dry.  Well worth a try.    ","      Happy to find these again and bought a second pair for my daughter as she loved her first pair so much. First pair still in pretty good shape after four years of hard wear but thought a new pair was in order.    ","      Shoe fits well & is pretty light weight compared to other hiking boots.  Haven't had a chance to wear them for an extended period but definitely comfortable. I wear a women's US s10.5/11 narrow normally, but the 10 B (M) fits well. I even put on with thick wool socks and still had space to move my toes.    ","      I broke them in on a 6 mile hike on the Blood Mountain loop, and they did great! I was told they were true to size, but I would go a half size up if ordering again.    ","      This is my second pair of this type of Columbia boot. I use these boots for work and the first pair lasted me for almost 3 years of continuous use. I work in a warehouse on concrete floors and they give me the support I need for my ankles and feet.    ","      I like the boot, it fit well just not as comfortable especially at the toes where the boot bends. Exchanged for a different one but still Columbia.    ","      I wear a size 8.5 normally and I ordered an 8.5 and it fit perfectly. Even with thick socks it would still have a great fit! The shoe is made with great quality and is very comfortable. And it is extremely stylish too!!! Love them!    ","      It was under kids boots when i ordered it when I received it its women size 6    ","      good    ","      Randonnée en raquette    ","      I bought these boots for an upcoming trip, they felt great when I tried them on & walked around for a bit, anxious to try them out on my trip!    ","      Did not fit, but looked very good quality    ","      This is the third pair of these boots I have ordered. I liked the fit and comfort of the first pair so much, I ordered a second, then a third. I want to have them for a LONG time to come. I have narrow feet, and these fit well without being too cramped; they also have a high toe box for comfortable long-distance and up-and-down hiking.My sister, who wears Size 11 recently ordered the same boot on my recommendation.    ","      I tried these boots on and they fit beautifully.  I like the look of them and will use them in the winter when it snows.  The tread should keep me from slipping, which is a big plus.    ","      I chose .5 size up as recommended by other reviews and they are slightly larger for me, no need for exhange.They look amazing and warm in cold weather (-15 degree). Great purchase and would get another pair.    ","      Great Boots    ","      These hiking boots are perfect for outdoor walking/hiking in the winter.    ","      I sprained my ankle really badly at the end of summer so I needed something with ankle support but also something that wasn’t clunky or heavy. These are absolutely perfect! Quick to break in, super lightweight, good support. And for the price, they’re a must-have.    ","      I like the way that the boots fit and look.    ","      These shoes have a lot of room in them! I am a 5.5/6. I bought the size 6 and wish I went with the 5.5. However overall these shoes are great and they look great!    ","      These boots are amazing!  Lightweight, waterproof, and super comfortable.  Bought them for a week of hiking in Zion (paved & unpaved trails), Bryce (lots of snow), and the Grand Canyon and couldn't be more pleased.  The boots didn't even require a \"break-in\" period before putting them to use.  Great value for the price and feel they will last a long time.    ","      Cometí un error al comprar este artículo no me fijé que era de mujer y yo lo quiero de hombre y lo pedí como 9.5 como puedo hacer para devolverlo y poder comprar el de hombre en la misma size 9.5    ","      Its Columbia what else would you expect.  Great Value.    ","      There was a problem with my order I was almost charged twice. Then once I received my shoes they were uncomfortably narrow. I even order up half a size. I ware 9 1/2s so I ordered 10s. But the shoe was narrow and hurt my foot as soon as I tried it on. I'm so disappointed. Besides the width the shoe seemed like it would be awesome.    ","      It fits almost PERFECTLY!!! Love it!!! The only bad thing is that the surface is a little bit too hard and uncomfortable, but given that it is a hiking boot I think it's fine. Hope that it will get more comfortable after I wear it for several days.    ","      These boots are perfect. I’ve hiked many canyons and mountains in them now and they held up great in both hot desert climate and winter snow and ice. The size fits as expect, make sure you break them in before doing a major hike.    ","      These are awesome! I totally recommend.    ","      I absolutely loved these hiking boots. I used them for about 8 days straight in Iceland. They held up great, are very comfortable, look great, and are definitely waterproof! Also, they kept my feet prety warm the whole time we were there. They fit as expected.    ","      Was worried about ordering on line but they fit great!    ","      It’s a top quality Columbia hiking boot. Not too much to say. You will not be disappointed.    ","      I bought these boots for a hiking trip to RMNP in Colorado. Wore them for a couple hikes and the rubber front of the boot separated from the upper part of the shoe. I expected a little better quality for only a few hikes after spending the money on what is usually a reputable brand. I had broken them in before hiking but still got blisters on both heels.    ","      Awesome fit! Great support!    ","      Pues queda bien y si me gustan    ","      La agujeta benia dañada    ","                                                                                                                                                        De media kon niet worden geladen.                                                                               Took about 2 days to break in but after that, it was comfortable even after SEVERAL hours of hiking. The grip was also amazing. The waterproof feature is also awesome!!    ","      This design is very different from most other hiking boots.  The thickened shoelace attachment panel digs down into the toe box causing blisters and painful pressure points.  Tread is great though and light weight.    ","      Love these boots,  lightweight,  comfortable,  I wear everyday to work.    ","      I typically wear a size 8 but needed a 7.5 in these.  But these boots are AWESOME.  Super comfy like a tennis shoe but with the extra support and functionality of a hiking boot.  And they are very sharp looking.  I love these.    ","      I was really nervous about ordering shoes online because of how they might fit but these fit me perfectly! I feel they are of great quality and I can't wait to hike with them soon. The only problem is they pushed on the top of my foot a bit when walking which I expect to maybe ease up a bit once I break them in. Not worth taking a star off though, I love these shoes so far.    ","      Very comfortable and stylish boot. I was very happy with them for a month. After that they began to fall apart, they last three months before the bottom came off. Another girl I work with had the same thing happened to her With the same boots. To be fair I am a zookeeper and I wore them every day at work.    ","      I deliver mail on foot (13 miles) a day. At the end of the first day I wore these I didn’t have a blister or sore feet. Very comfortable!! I did size up so they were roomy for my thick socks.    ","      Money very well spent.    ","      Great guy! I don’t regret it one bit. I didn’t have to “break them in.”I used them right away and was comfortable the whole hike through.    ","      They were given as a gift and did not disappoint. They fit perfect and are very durable.    ","      I really wanted to like these boots. I work as a Ranger for a local Nature Center which means I need a good pair of boots that I can wear for long periods of time and they can handle the terrain. I gave these boots a fair shot as I know sometimes you just have to break them in. The first wear my foot felt like it was getting smashed by the toe crease which ended up giving me a blister on both big toes. The second time I used thicker socks and used a Dr. Scholl  insert to see if it would help but I still ended up with not only blisters on my toes but now some on my heels. The third time I wore band aids in advance and within an hour my toes were hurting and my heels had blisters. I unfortunately am going to just give these to someone as I can't wear them or return them.    ","      I didn’t care much for them in person and they were really narrow. Ended up returning them.    ","      I wear a women's size 12 so for years I have settled for buying men's hiking shoes which are typically wider then I need. I was very happy that Columbia increased their women's shoe line into larger sizes. I was able to wear these shoes and hike around the Christmas markets for hours upon end without getting blister or feeling like I had broken in a new pair of boots. They are sturdy, well-made and with some care and attention they will last for a very long time making it well worth the money.    ","      These boots are very comfortable, and lightweight.  Because they are so comfortable, you don’t mind having them on all day.  Long walks, hikes are no problem in these boots.  So far, they are holding up.  A++    ","      I wore these on our camping trip to Havasu Falls in Arizona 10+ miles in and 10 out  and 10 around while we were there ...  and I Was the only one with out nasty blisters at the end of our trip ... I did wear them around for a few days before the trip to break them in .. they are a great shoe    ","      Ansich solides Produkt, aber unfassbar unbequem durch einschneidende Knickfalte über den Zehen    ","      Very comfortable and waterproof.  Not slip proof and you can slip while wearing them    ","      10/10 would recommend these boots. Life saver for my hike out west    ","      I would recommend this boot    ","      I bought these boots for winter hiking.  They provide good traction on wet, uneven or rocky surfaces and the insulation keeps me warm without making my feet overheat and sweat.  I would recommend these to other winter hikers.    ","      Fit perfectly, very comfy    ","      These boots were amazing!! 36 miles in 3 days and not one blister.    ","      Love these boots.  I didn't have to break them in at all.  I can wear them all day my ankles are supported.    ","      I love these boots. Great support and so comfortable.    ","      I ordered my normal shoe size and they fit perfectly!! These were so comfortable on my first hike without even breaking them in. I do recommend getting thicker, above the ankle, hiking socks so the ankle area doesn't rub on your skin.    ","      I've had these for about six months, and I still love them. They are light weight, comfy, and water repellent. They're perfect.    ","      My girlfriend and I do a lot of hiking. I purchased these boots for her for Christmas.These boots are waterproof, they are warm but ventilate well, they have a nice tread pattern which improves grip on all terrain. My only problem is that the tongue doesn't ever want to stay in place. It comes loose and rubs on my girlfriend's feet when she wears them causing blisters and worn spots. No matter what socks she wears, it happens. No matter how tight or loose she laces them, it happens. I thought they would just break in like some boots do, but no. They cause her pain every time she wears them. They are hiking boots meant to be walked long distances in and she cannot get more than a mile without ending up with blisters.    ","      El producto me vino con unos rayones en su parte frontal como si alguien los hubiese usado y pegado con algo    ","      They fit GREAT! I sometimes need to wear a wider shoe, but the standard width of these is very comfortable. They have a nice deep toe box, so my feet don't feel cramped on long walks. Keep my feet warm, dry & comfortable!    ","      Bueno el producto justo lo que quería    ","      Super happy with this purchase. Wore them to yosemite and it was snowing. They were perfect. Dont order larger as if they are running shoes though.    ","      This is also a good work book to use the weeder on a steep hillside here    ","      A little wide, but maybe with thicker socks this winter that will be a good thing. The color is prettier than as pictured. I went on a short hike in misty rain on wet rock and leaves this weekend. No slipping even with my dog pulling his lead downhill!Would recommend.    ","      These were comfortable for about an hour and then I had to change shoes. Anytime you squat and need to toe to bend it pinches and is painful. These are not worth the money, I tried wearing them multiple times just to make sure I didn’t like them and each time they were as painful as the last. Don’t waste your money. They were the cutest waterproof boots I could find so I was disappointed they were painful to wear but I ended up finding a less attractive pair for half the price and hecka comfy for a 14 hour shift outside.    ","      I love these. They are cute and very functional. I needed something to wear while hiking and working and these do the job!    ","      Muy bueno para hiking    ","      Fit perfectly and very comfortable.    ","      These boots are exactly what I expected! They're so comfortable compared to my Clark's hiking boots. And I can comfortably wear thick socks with them and I didn't have to size up from my regular size.    ","      Super comfortable - wore them all day for the first time and didn’t need any time to break them in. I wear them for commuting in bad weather and the grip is nice    ","      These shoes are so comfortable that they didn’t even require me to break them in. While hiking, I don’t feel like my feet are going to slide off any rocks anymore. My ankles are also well supported. I would highly recommend these shoes!    ","      Very well-made boot & lightweight. I love the boot but I have a very thin foot and it's a little roomy. Going hiking in a couple of days. Wore them today and they broke in pretty well and pretty easily    ","      I just bought them and intend to use them for hiking.  I tried them on and they fit just fine    ","      Light weight, comfy, waterproof and even a non-slip sole. Also so cute that they could be worn for any leisure activity besides hiking!    ","      I love everything about these boots! The traction is wonderful in snow, they keep my feet warm, they are super comfortable and true to size.Thank you Colombia!    ","      The reviews said they ran small so I ordered 1/2 size bigger than normal.  They were too big.  I am actually giving them to my daughter but I do plan to order another pair in my regular size for me.    ","      This is an excellent hiking shoe. I recommend them to others.    ","      Great shoes. Fit as expected and don't need to wear them in. Scratch that, maybe you would if you were hiking long distances. I wore them for the first time for 4 days straight at a music festival; no wear, no tear, no blisters.    ","      I bought these boots before my trip to Iceland in September. They're waterproof and comfotable, they keep the heat in so my toes didn't freeze.  They have a great grip on the bottom, ankle support and they're easy to clean.    ","      Most comfortable hiking boot I've owned.    ","      I finally wore out my last pair and was happy to be able to order the exact same thing because I have been so pleased with my first pair.  Definitely my go to boot/shoe. I find them very comfortable.    ","      Awesome for hiking and comfortable.    ","      They are a great looking boot and super lightweight.  They do run large for sure.  No need to size up.    ","      These are my first hiking boots ever and I’m in love! Hiking was so much easier and enjoyable with these light weight, water resistant boots. I was able to climb and step over rocks without the discomfort of feeling them through the soles of my tennis shoes. Definitely worth the price!    ","      I've had these boots for 2 years and hiked through New Zealand mountains in rain, dirt, and mud as well as New England local hikes. These boots have held up where well for the price and were waterproof tell now (put some work into them.) For the price, if you're asking for a waterproof and affordable hiking boots, these are it.    ","      Anti theft tag was left on the boots and I don't know how to remove it.    ","      My wife loves them.    ","      Needed the right color for work in all types weather slip resistant    ","      Hermosas    ","      Would have like more variety in colors    ","      my daughter said they fit until she started walking. she noticed that the crease as she stepped rubbed the top of her toes and it bothered her so we returned but they were otherwise great boots.    ","      I wanted to like this boot so much. It fit perfectly, it was cute, and it was comfortable.It has a major design flaw, however, and I am shocked that more people have not mentioned it. The hooks that hold the laces near the tops are far too deep, and even when you have laces in them they are deep enough to also catch the laces on your other boot. Within a few minutes of wearing these boots I nearly tripped and fell on my face, because the hook on the inside of my left boot had caught the laces on my right boot and \"tied\" my feet together. Maybe it's unlikely that it would happen again, but I cannot run the risk of hurting myself while hiking because of a design flaw like this.I ordered the Columbia Crestwood hiking boots and they do not have this problem, if you are still interested in a Columbia boot.    ","      I purchased these hiking boots for an upcoming trip to the Smoky Mtns. Last year, I learned a lesson; pruchase \"waterproof\" boots from a few little incidents that caused wet feet and misery! I have worn them around our farm to try out the fit, feel and to test just the level of waterproof protection, and so far they are awesome!    ","      I am pleasantly surprised to discover how well made, warm, and dry they are when water imis involved. I recommend them. Great value for price, workmanship, & quality.    ","      Great fit, well made, waterproof ....these boots feel great and didn’t require a break in period. Would highly recommend these boots.    ","      My husband bought the walking boots for Christmas. I just recieved them. I love them, plenty of toe room with my bunky socks.  Their also great lookin, I would recommend them    ","      This show is great fits perfect    ","      Parfait, comme sur la description    ","      Liked them. These are my second pair.    ","      Nice nice nice boots    ","      Based on a few reviews, I ordered a half size up, but ended up returning. The return process was super easy with Amazon Prime. I received my refund faster than expected. The new shoes came in and I couldn't be happier. The 7.5 fit perfect and I've taken them on several long walks. I'm planning 2 10mile hikes in the Grand Canyon and will update my review when I return.    ","      Love these boots! Be sure to break them in first before a long hike. Used them on my 3 day adventure to the Adirondacks. Made it through, mud, rocks, water, etc. Comfortable and good grip.    ","      I'm very happy with this shoe purchase. I wasn't sure how they'd be since I wouldn't have time to wear them in before my trip to iceland. I wore these while glacier hiking and spent a considerable amount of time outdoors walking around, etc for a week. They were extremely comfortable. I get plantar fascitis easily and my feet will throb at night when I'm laying down but I didn't have any pain and no blisters at all!    ","      I was a little apprehensive about ordering shoes this way but I must say these fit perfectly. Lightweight and comfortable, all in all a great experience.    ","      Bought these for work, kept my feet dry all day!    ","      Son muy cómodos y bonitos yo los uso para trabajar xq no resbalan son seguros    ","      I wanted to like these boots because I bought some even more horrific boots (more expensive) I have to return too... but I couldn't. Not sure how reviews are so good, but the fit is completely off. The top of the shoe folds down into the foot, creasing. I tried them with and without my orthotics, which usually work great in boots. Maybe they are too cheaply made (in China), bc it just feels exactly that.. CHEAP (And miraculously, the price is not...) I would give these a pass. I like a specific timberland boot that doesn't seem to come in black. Guess I know not to bother with Columbia boots... I'm willing to spend a little more for quality, but these are junk.    ","      These are my first pair of hiking boots, so I may not be an expert in this area, but I think these are great. They're incredibly comfortable, have solid ankle support, and my feet stayed a comfortable temperature for a 3.5 hour hike (and wearing them for the following 5 hours). I'd recommend these shoes to others looking for a low-cost but comfortable and reliable hiking boot.    ","      I grabbed these straight out of the box, put them on and spent the whole day walking around campus. The fit and feel are great. No need to break them in.    ","      Quedaron perfectas, muy cómodas para las caminatas y mi tour en las cuevas de Cuetzalan    ","      I have always worn a size 6.5 or 7 shoe. Ordered a 6.5 in these boots and they were almost a size too large; too big even with heavy socks. The boots seem sturdy, well made, and good looking for the reasonable price so I returned the first pair and am waiting for the smaller size to arrive.    ","      I really love these hiking boots. I bought them almost a year ago and I wear them every chance I get. They're still in great shape. They're a bit bulky in shape and size, but not overly heavy. Because I knew I would be wearing heavy socks with them, I chose a half-size larger, but I think my regular size would have been just fine.    ","      fit as stated, comfortable,  stylish and warm !!    ","      I use it for work where it is cold and wet place. It is really Warm & comfortable..    ","      I had bought these shoes 3 years ago and used them on the regular. They finally served their time. I bought a new pair and fell in love all over again.I lead Creek walks in an outdoor education program and my feet remain dry. They have great support while belaying in high rope course and great for hiking.    ","      Perfecto    ","      Hiked about 10 miles at the Rocky Mountains and I loved the comfort and support! No blisters for me to break them in. I got a half size up and it for perfect with enough space for thick socks or if your feet swell.    ","      I usually wear a 7.5 shoe and bought a 7.5 boot. It fits perfectly even with thick socks.  Comfortable from the first day of wear. I use them as a farm work boot not for hiking.    ","      I go on short hikes several times a week. I have now been wearing these boots for more than a year. They are comfortable (not too heavy) and they have held up very well. Also they keep my feet dry.  I enthusiastically recommend    ","      I brought a brown pair first and they are very comfortable then I saw the black pair and brought them. I have no regrets. Great for snow and ice.    ","      Size 8-1/2 fit perfect. Very comfortable hiking shoes.    ","      Love them good fit    ","      I've had these hiking boots for over a year. I've been backpacking the whole time that I've owned them.  I've worn them in different environments, and they can keep you warm, but not too hot, even when I was in Hawaii. They are in fact waterproof. I proudly trudge through puddles, and shallow bodies of water. Not a drop got through.These are very comfortable, and durable. There's a lot of life still left in them.    ","      My family and I are going to Costa Rica, and I needed hiking boots. The boots came in on time and fit perfectly, just the right amount of support without being too tight. Love them.    ","      Very comfortable as well as cute.  Better than I expected!    ","      I love these boots, what a game changer. I didn’t experience the uncomfortable bending at the toes like other customers.    ","      Excellent!!!  And truly is waterproof as I stood in a creek a bit higher than the ankle.  Definitely worth the money!    ","      I wore these right out of the box and had a little rubbing on the back of my ankle, but I had low cut socks on. After the first day they did not bother me at all. They had excellent traction and were very light.    ","      Fits great and comfortable    ","      They are really good looking but not comfortable. They hurt my feet at the top of the shoes really painful    ","      Boots are comfortable and affordable, and I was able to dye them to the exact color needed for my Ranger Academy. Far better than spending the $150+ on the NPS boots I needed    ","      I was actually pretty excited to get these hikers, they are comfortable. But not suited for hiking. Maybe walking trails. Be lucky to get these through one season. Not the best for the price. I am a 7 & ordered a 7. They fit true to size. Disappointed.Wouldn’t recommend for a real hiker.    ","      need betterarch support, i had to buy one separate but besides that all good    ","      These boots were comfortable and true to size.    ","      These boots were surprisingly comfortable. I wore them with fairly worn socks. I wasn’t cursing st the end of a 13 mile hike.  I would buy them again.  I wear a size 11.  The shoe was good width and length.    ","      Great shoe. Only complaint is that the toe box is a little small and puts pressure on my little toes. Would have been nice if they could have offered a wide size. We don't all have tiny Cinderella feet.    ","      De las mejores compras que he hecho por Amazon. Buscaba algo como principiante y creo que hice muy buena elección. Llegó en buenas condiciones y antes de tiempo esperado    ","      This boot runs a little on the narrow side. It's still comfortable, but if you want to wear heavy socks to keep your feet warmer, order a wide and a full size larger than you normally wear.    ","      It is well constructed but is lacking a good insole    ","      No dislikes    ","      love it, fits perfectly and totally changed the way I hike. LOVE LOVE LOVE    ","      I was a bit reluctant ordering these boots online. The great reviews were the deciding point for me. I've been hiking with them every day for about a week and absolutely love them. They've been comfortable from the very start and do a great job keeping out dirt and debris. Couldn't be happier.    ","      I wore these on a 5 .5 mile hike, no breaking in period necessary. Most people commented that the product ran small.. Normally I wear an 8, but in this shoe I was equally between 8 and 8.5, but with wool socks the 8.5 fit perfectly. I went through mud and incline and they held up very well.    ","      These are really nice boots.  The only issue is while hiking at any kind of angle, the leather creases and creates some discomfort, but on level ground, thats not noticeable.  Thats the only thing that keeps me from also getting them in brown.    ","      Really wanted to like these hiking boots - great grey color and they look smart and not bulky and fitted 1/2 size larger than my original shoe size. I had to return them, however, because with both thin or thick socks, when I walked, the crease on the top of the boot cut right into the top of my toe box. I have never, ever, had that issue with any other shoes/boots before. My feet are not wide, so I never ever have an issue with the toe box area in shoes. Other reviewers have also mentioned this recently, so I'm not sure if perhaps this is a bad batch.    ","      They are very light weight, stable for hiking and water resistant! I really like it!    ","      Tested it out for the first time in the snow. Kept my feet warm and didn't really matter that they are not broken in well, they still are very comfortable.    ","      Easy to wear, comfortable and hiking is a pleasure with these shoes    ","      I would have preferred eyelet holes rather than the riveted lace holders used.    ","      Good product with quality and color. Waterproof  is good as well. I satisfied except somewhat rigid and hard feelings, so my ankle blistered.  But with thick socks, then it's okay to me.    ","      Super comfortable    ","      Arrived fast...my daughter is in love with these boots    ","      The shoes are really nice, they are comfy, true to size and also they look good on you. Not heavy and perfect shape, they do not look big on you. Beautiful design too.    ","      LOVE these hiking boots, went on a 5 mile hike and I didn't need to break them in, my feet were fine at the end of the day. I hike in all conditions, snow, water, mud, and etc....works great on all types of terrain    ","      fit was a tiny big but the next size down would be too small. comfortable on the hike.  feet were fine when i pulled them off at the end of the day.    ","      They're cool looking, warm and supportive. They're a little firmer in the ankle area than is maybe ideal for me (I like some flexibility) but they're meant for ankle protection and I'm sure they do that well. I bought them to traverse the icy/snowy campus every day in the winter. We haven't had fresh snow since I bought them; I will write with updates for how they fare.    ","      Good shoe replaced shoelaces though    ","      I like the support this boot gives    ","      Very nice.  Fits perfect!!! Worth every penny...!    ","      I have wide feet and these are too narrow for me so I had to return them. They fit as expected otherwise.    ","      I had to order a half size larger than I usually wear in shoes. But the size that fit properly was great. Hiked 2 national parks. Highly recommend for adventure lovers.    ","      I ordered these boots and was expecting the usual Columbia quality.  However, they were kind of tight and the toe box could be a bit roomier.  I have always worn a woman's size 7 and these were snugger that what I expected.  Other than that, they are a great boot.  Easy to break in, good quality uppers and sole.  If I were to order them again I would probably go up a half a size.  I considered ordering them in a wider width, but they were only available in brown - and I really like the gray color.    ","      These shoes were one of the best purchases I've made on Amazon. They fit true to size and were incredibly comfortable. I wore them for the first time straight out of the box for a 6 hour hike in the mountains along the Italian Riviera and my feet did not hurt once. They are very sturdy and perfect for hiking.    ","      Waterproof & comfortable    ","      These boots are fantastic. I’ve hiked in them regularly since purchasing them 2 years ago and they havent failed me yet. I’ve climbed 14ers, crossed marshes, and done several winter trips in these, and they keep your feet perfectly dry and warm. Very durable. Great deal. Definitely going to purchase again!    ","      Great traction, extremely comfortable (don't pinch your toes), and water-resistant? Buy them. They survived hiking the Angel's Landing trail in Zion and never lost traction even on extremely steep inclines and icy slopes. 12/10 would recommend.    ","      LOVE LOVE LOVE THESE! I have done some serious hiking in these and they are everything I could ask for. First time I ever wore them was hiking through snow and my feet stayed dry and warm.    ","      Went hiking with them. I didn't think they would be the most reliable since it unexpectedly snowed. However, they went through the snow beautifully and are really comfortable. I was worried my fat toes would be tight so I got half a size larger. I also wore really warm thick socks. They were still extremely comfortable and have great support!    ","      Son cómodas y muy prácticas para practicar senderismo, me gustaron mucho.    ","      I like the two tones colors, very confortable to walk, even for long distances. I like that doesn’t have a seam on the sides because it usually breaks.    ","      Hiked up Cathedral Rock in Sedona and the South Kaibab trail at the Grand Canyon. The boots had great traction and provided the ankle support I needed for those crazy up and down hill trails.    ","      These are so comfortable.  I normally wear a 10,  but wanted a little extra room for winter socks so I ordered a 10.5.  I was a little nervous ordering larger, but they were the perfect size.  No pinching or ankle rubbing.  Lacing is a cinch.  They have great traction for snow for heading to town, errands and going up and down hills with firewood on icy terrain.  Waterproof and warm.    ","      I wore these shoes on hikes all over Iceland. They are waterproof, supportive, and keep your toes warm.    ","      Very stiff but at first but very good once broken in. Live in Colorado and has kept my feet very dry and warm during snowy hikes    ","      good fit right out of the box. A true 10.5 women's.    ","      I finally decided to buy these boots and they are totally worth it. I just walk through mud now. #HikingLife    ","      I use these to walk around the yard with my dogs. Bought them because of being waterproof. Fairly grippy on the bottom so I don't slide in the wet grass    ","      They fit perfectly and were comfortable  right out of the box . Walked around inside for a while then went outside  and did about 3 hours of farm chores . Very comfortable.    ","      They look and feel great!    ","      Decent boot for the cost. They fit perfectly but the longer I'm in them the less comfortable they become and I got blisters on the back heel.    ","      Theses were a gift for a teenage girl and........ she loves them.    ","      Great    ","      I found these boots stiff and uncomfortable, compared to my other hiking boots, so I sent them back (however, my husband loved the men's version)    ","      Like these. Haven’t worn them out yet, but they seemed a little bigger than my usual size 7s.    ","      I have huge feet. I am a size 10 and sometimes need wide. These boots are fairly narrow and would probably fit someone with lovely slender feet. If you have manly clown feet like me, look elsewhere.The look nice enough though. Seemed sturdy and my foot felt well insulated in them. Just too tight.    ","      have not had the opportunity to wear yettried them and like them    ","      0 arch support . otherwise ok. kind of a walmart quality to them. they are waterproof. after adding super feet supports they will work. A little wide.    ","      These boots are great! Bought them to go hiking and also for the snow. They don't need to be broken in and they're super comfortable. I love them so much I'm planning on wearing them exclusively when I go backpacking through Europe this year. They fit as expected. Also, they're not super ugly like most other hiking boots!    ","      Bought these for a weekend trip to Maine for hiking (wore them briefly before I went). Bought a 6, which is my usual size - they were a tad roomy, but it worked out well for slightly thicker socks. Never had any discomfort and so far they still appear to be very well made.    ","      By reading reviews, I purposely added a half size when ordering and am very glad I did.  Snug, takes a few uses to break in but solid and comfortable.  They're everything I was looking for.    ","      Excelentes, cómodos, me. Encantaron    ","      I wear these 6 days a week in the barn. I get them wet daily and they are holding up great. I have had them a few months now. SUPER COMFY    ","      When I got these, I thought I was getting a great deal on a great shoe. Sadly, though the price was right- but the boots weren't. I took them on a few hikes hoping to break them in, but they remained stiff as the first day I wore them. Took them on an overnight backpacking trip, and that's when I decided I was done with them. After a few miles my feet were killing me, even with my trusty Superfeet insoles, and having to hike the next day was brutal. I have narrow feet, and perhaps that has something to do with it, but I think the shoes are just stiff. Perhaps some people like this, but I didn't. Missed Amazon's 30 day return policy, and am now shopping for new boots.    ","      Like the fit. Wish there was more arch support.    ","      Comfortable and light.    ","      These boots keep my feet dry and warm while off-roading.  I am very impressed with these boots and would recommend them and buy them again.    ","      They are really comfortable, true to size & they look amazing. However, they are NOT waterproof. 10 mins into the snow and my toes were wet.    ","      These are perfect! I got them because my much more expensive Merells always give me blisters, but these fit perfectly and didn't need much breaking in. I've worn them through airports and through snowy glacial hikes, and they were great for both. If you're planning on wearing thick socks, consider getting a half size up from your usual.    ","      They were a gift they were pleased    ","      I wish i had time to order size up. Maybe next time.    ","      The fit of this shoe is more shoe than boot like. It is true to lenght and width, but pretty tight on the top. There was no room to fit my orthotics or just a pair of thicker socks. Ordering a size up wasn't an option either, since the length of this shoe was perfect for me. I guess it would have been an ok boot if used with thin socks and without any inserts. I am continuing to look for a waterproof hiking boot that can be worn with thicker socks.    ","      I looove my boots but I had to return them and re-purchase them because they run big. The bad part about that was that after I purchased them the first time the price shot up and I re-purchased them at a higher price. Amazon said there was nothing that could do about that. Pretty lame    ","      I wear them everyday    ","      Full comfort even on my first big hike wearing them straight out of the box!  Love them!    ","      These boots are amazing! I am alwas outside running around and these are perfict. They are completly water proof and have stayed in really good condition. They do take a wail to break in however which I didn't mind becuse that usually means they last longer. Absolutly amazing boots!    ","      Love these boots.    ","      Parfaites super confortable    ","      Love this Boot. Very Comfortable. Would buy this product again.    ","      My daughter wear’s 6 1/2 to 7 more often a 7  and size 7 was a perfect fit. She has sensitive feet and said these are amazing!! Loves them!    ","      I wear a 10 tennis shoe but this boot is too big about half a size. I also find that it's not very  comfy as I had hoped. And think that without a thick sock the back of the ankle will hit my leg and be uncomfortable also.    ","      Love this boot!!! Went for a 3 mile hike to break them in and just a little tight in the toe but overall no blisters and great support! Sleek look too.    ","      My feet usually fit with size 7.5-8. I read other reviews about this shoes and they said this shoe size is quite big compare to others. So I orders two sizes and my feet fit in size 7.5. I used it in my trip on snow and wet land. It was really great. I love it.    ","      These support your ankle well if you tie them up all the way to the top. They’re light and makes hiking way more fun. I went into like 2 inches of water and mud and dirt and nothing came in my shoe! I absolutely love them!    ","      Haven't worn these out hiking yet, but they do run a bit large - I ordered 8.5's and they will have plenty of room for a nice thick hiking sock. Have worn them around the house for a while and they seem nice - especially for the price!    ","      Love these boots! Put them on as soon as I received them and have been wearing them since. Dry, warm and comfortable! Great buy at this price.    ","      The length is great but the width is wider than a regular shoe.  I looked to see if maybe they sent me a wide width but did not. I lace them up because they are too wide and now I have pulled off one of the grommets by trying to get them tight.  Probably will not purchase again.    ","      Bought for my daughter to go hiking. She loves them. Great quality. She normally wears a size 6 if that helps.    ","      Awesome boot, great support on the ankles and very slip resistant. Didn't fully test out the water resistant properties but from the little bit of treading through mud and water, my feet stayed dry. As others have said, the toe box was a little big and you can feel the roominess but it didn't bother me at all.    ","      Très satisfaite    ","      They are super cute, comfortable and very nice quality.    ","      I love these boots! Fit comfy right from the box and proved definitely waterproof when hiking to Mt Mitchell in the rain.    ","      Confortable    ","      I was going to order a half size up since they are boots and I wanted to leave plenty of room to wear thick socks, but after reading everybody else's reviews I stuck with my typical tennis shoe size and the fit is perfect! Very comfortable and supportive, not too heavy.    ","      I wear these Newton Ridge almost daily at work in a casual work environment. They are very comfortable!  Feet stay warm under desk in cool office and in colder season!Have both colors.I run and have some knee issues with heels, so these are perfect!    ","      Ajusta perfecto    ","      Best pair of shoes I own by far! Got these right before a two week trip in Yellowstone and didn't even need breaking in. Tough as nails and feel as though you can climb any mountain or forge rivers in these! I am a size 8.5 purchased a 9 and they fit perfectly even with very thick socks.    ","      These boots are very comfortable and just perfect for light hiking.    ","      I have been looking for a nice looking but comfortable hiking boot. I have a double A foot and feared these would be too loose.  Much to my surprise, I can wear a good warm sock and my feet feel great.  No fear of unwanted blisters. Someone with a wider foot might need a different boot.    ","      I can honestly say these are super comfortable from the minute I put them on!  The leather is very soft, padded area around my ankle is a blessing!  They don't look klunky at all which was my fear.  I definitely would buy again.    ","      These are extremely comfortable!!  I bought a pair of Timberland boots and the Columbia boots are way more comfortable.  I am standing on my feet 90% of the time at work and really appreciate a good pair of work boots.    ","      Not as comfortable as the sketchers    ","      These boots are very comfortable.  I bought them 1/2 size bigger than my normal size and wore good wool socks.We went on a 4 mile hike in the mountains after only wearing them for half a day to break them in.  I had no blistersnor any sore spots.  My feet couldn't have been more comfortable.  Also, they are waterproof and I was impressedhow good the tread gripped on slippery surfaces.    ","      I ordered my usual size and they fit great even with thick socks! Super cute and nice support.    ","      Fits perfectly and wears comfortably right out of the box. Nice treading on the soles for great traction. Can't fully attest to their waterproof-ness just yet, but based on the puddles I've walked through so far, my feet are dry and happy. I'm very pleased with these boots, and hope they wear as wonderfully as they look!    ","      Love them    ","      They fit just as expected, are super comfortable and look very good.    ","      I am on the way to an outback trip in the Rockies and needed a rugged shoe.  My foot, however, is long and narrow.  While these are wider than I need, the length is good and they are very comfortable.    ","      Finally got to wear my new shoes today. Before ordering I read the reviews and hesitated before ordering because some people had problems with them hurting by rubbing their ankles and other problems. Wore them from 9am till 3pm and had no problems with discomfort. Glad I bought them.    ","      I just went on my first hike. It was only 5 miles but it was a good introductory hike with the shoes. They were awesome. I felt stable even when we were walking on rocks. They are a little longer than expected but I'm not worried about wearing thicker socks for when it's colder.    ","      Great  for hiking. Priced well    ","      They cute but made my feet sweat they never sweat and felt so heavy like I have to carry my feet haha over all the look is nice, but not comfy what so ever    ","      I bought this boot looking for something durable but not so bulky.  I LOVE that it is waterproof as well.  Major bonus.  For the price you cannot find a leather waterproof boot.  Being leather will take some breaking in but hopefully they will stand the test of time.    ","      I've had these for a few months now.  They've lasted for miles of hikes, but I wouldn't say they were the most comfortable.    ","      I wore these boots to Yosemite this weekend, and they were great. They kept my feet dry as I hiked up right alongside Vernal Falls and then down John Muir.  They were sturdy and did not let me down.    ","      I wear a size 11 usually but sometimes that can run too small so I ordered a 12 in these boots. They feel large and wide even after throwing in a pair of orthotics and heavy hiking socks. I kept them because there are limited boots available in a women's 11 or 12 but I'm not sure they'll be my \"favorites\" as a lot of other posts have indicated. I wore them on a rather limited hour plus hike this past weekend. I guess they were just \"ok\".    ","      I needed boots that gave me really good ankle support and I am loving them    ","      I love these boots. They feel good and kept my foot warm. I ordered to them go to Iceland and I didn't feel a thing and very comfortable.    ","      I absolutely love these boots. They're great work/hiking boots, they fit comfortably, not too hot in the warmer weather, and they're adorable. So far, they have proven to be waterproof.  I hope these last forever!    ","      I love these boots. I use them for yard work, fall fashion and protection. Looking forward to seeing how they perform in snow going to and from work.    ","      I love them .. I work 12-13 hours a day and when I go home my feet feel great ! They do still get wet .    ","      Love the look and comfort!  Great value!    ","      I haven't taken these bad boys out for a spin yet but they feel and look amazing! Opening the box I could smell the quality leather and they feel great on. They are slightly snug but not enough that I would recommend going a size up.    ","      Excelente    ","      Wore these shoes for a week hiking in Canada. They are adequately water proof and comfortable generally. However, I had the same problem in the toe box as many other reviewers mentioned—however, only in the left boot. During our second long hike, I began noticing a rubbing sensation to my second left toe as if a seam ran across the top. This persisted throughout the reminder of our hikes and I wound up with a blister that turned in to a sore. I’m not sure what I can do in the future to prevent this. The shoes are the correct size.    ","      I love these boots.  My only regret is not buying them sooner.  I love the fit, they are perfectly comfortable and didn't even need any breaking in.    ","      I needed hiking boots since the cheap ones I bought melted (yes - you read that right). These came promptly and fit wonderfully. I like wearing them for walks and going out into the country. They are super comfortable and, though they look like heavy boots, they are surprisingly light yet sturdy. They are easy to slip on and off and work very well in rainy, sub-freezing temperatures as well as for casual wear.    ","      Very happy, true to size, attractive and no issues with the toe box.    ","      This hiking boot is awesome. I walked rocky trail for at least 9 miles and I don’t have any blister. This shoes fits me perfectly.FYI: wear hiking socks feels a lot better than regular socks.    ","      I really like these boots. I have wide feet and bought these in a size 10 which fit perfectly. They don't hurt after long use but they are heavy. I will definitely buy another pair in the future.    ","      I have to put orthodics in the boots for arch support.  May have enough support for average arch height.  Comfortable.  I like that they are water proof.  Haven't tested yet.    ","      This is the second pair of Columbia shoes bought.  I normal wear 8.5 however, I ordered size 9 because I'm always wearing two pair of socks  so I did not want the boots to be to tide. Fits perfectly!!!  It is true to size. Product as described. Love it!    ","      love this shoes. Hike in them regularly with comfort    ","      These boots are awesome!  I wore them for the first time for over six hours in wet rough terrain.  They are very light weight with great traction.  My feet stayed completely dry.  I was very impressed and I would highly recommend these boots.    ","      Sturdy and protect my feet and keep them dry.    ","      Soooo comfy ..you would think being sturdy, it would be uncomfortable at first ..nope..has nice cushion on the inside..love them ..good ankle support    ","      Very comfortable and keep my feet warm. I don’t hike in them, I wear them to my kid’s hockey games.    ","      Wow I fricken love these!!!Comfortable and fit well!!    ","      these boots are awesome- first time wearing them out on the Billy Goat Trail (DC burbs) and they were excellent. I was worried they were going to be hot or too stiff bouncing around some rocks but they were just perfect. No blisters, no gross overheated feet.    ","      Haven't worn them yet but felt comfortable and correct size.    ","      I love these so much that I had to order another pair in a different color!!!  Sooo comfortable yet stylish at the same time!!    ","      I wear a 9 in every type of shoe. Fits true to size. Wearing them as I type this review.  Can’t wait to go hiking the Grand Canyon and Zion !!!    ","      I bought these hiking boots for my daughter who recently moved to the mountains to attend college.  She hikes almost every day and loves these boots.  Because she's clumsy and trips over thin air, I wanted something that provided ankle support.  I'll probably buy her another pair for Christmas.    ","      I have used them for mail walks with my city carriers and just recently used them on a trail walk. I have been very satisfied with these so far ..    ","      This is my second pair of Columbia boots, I ordered 1/2 down this time because the first pair eventually stretched, this pair fit my arch perfectly; they do have a wider foot bed so your toes aren't jammed against the front.  I don't leave home without them, my feet did not hurt and they are really comfortable to walk in with good traction; I only wish they were insulated so my feet would stay warmer!    ","      So comfortable Waterproof, repels rain and snow and grips well on all surface    ","      Recived a regular when i ordered a wide. But besides that the she fits very well.  Also when the sun hits the shoe it feels like its cooking my feet because they get very hot. Shoes are not breathable like described.    ","      I have flat feet and I’m standing all day for work. These shoes are very comfortable    ","      Absolutely worth it would totally recommend    ","      Satisfaite, chaussure confortable beau look.'  C' est la paire de hush puppies qui est trop étroite. Erreur, je donne 2 étoile pour les hush puppies.    ","      Great....    ","      My last boots were Columbia and I had them for years but my new boots are even better. They just fit and feel good! Thank you    ","      slightly bigger than expected but super comfy and provide great support.    ","      horrible foot bed. They need to take some lessons from Merrill shoes. Otherwise nicely made shoe. I returned it and bought Merrills.    ","      Good hiking shoes. Good grip on rocks and loose gravel. Good ankle support. Not heavy.    ","      I typically wear an 8.5-9 women’s and I went with the 9 and it fits perfectly! I am excited to try them out on Mount Hood during my honeymoon. Highly suggest these!    ","      The reviews I read led me to believe I needed to order a size larger which I did but they are a little too big even with thick hiking socks.    ","      I bought for my daughter. She loves them. Great condition for being “used”.    ","      Fits perfectly    ","      These are great shoes and were comfortable right out of the box. I have hiked all kinds of mountains with very rocky terrain and have had no blisters or sore feet.  They provide good ankle support and are waterproof.  I highly recommend these for the great price.    ","      Love them didn't even have to break them in    ","      GREAT boots. Super comfortable, seem durable, and look very nice. I walked in these for hours and my fit did not hurt in any capacity, which is rare for me. I am usually a 10 (sometimes a 10.5 in shoes that run smaller) and a 10 was perfect for me.    ","      Haven’t had much time for hiking but they seem good in back yard    ","      I would recommend buying a half size up.  I have to wear really thin socks with them or my toes go numb.  Other than that, I really like them.    ","      Great boot for the price.  Holding up well! Great for wooded trails.    ","      Columbia quality does not disappoint! He shoes are fits well as expected and are very comfortable. The sole is very solid, which is essential for walking on rocks and pointy places. I'm gonna double down as a pair of city snow boots in the winter. They look a bit more trendy than the rubbery snow boots.    ","      I'm not sure if this is made worse by the fact that I have skinny ankles (I'm 5' 5\", 115lbs), but I cannot get the tongues on these to stay closed!  I initially tried changing the laces to ones that I could pull tighter, then tried removing the foam from the tongue.  I eventually realized that the top eyelet for the laces is extremely low down on the shoe compared to other hiking boots!  (If you compare to the mens shoe, you will see what I mean!) It drives me nuts - I get everything in them from rocks to \"stickers\" to snow, which turns into a nice puddle in the bottom of my shoe!  It's a shame because they have great tread, no break in period and are extremely comfortable.  Again, I'm relatively small, but these are true to size for me.    ","      Love these shoes, I wear them all day, almost everyday at work and they are super comfy. I also use them for off trail hiking in the Alaska bush and they hold up great. The top of the toes are pretty marked up from kneeling, but that is just superficial, does not effect the performance at all. And for the price they are wonderful!    ","      Very comfortable shoe. True to size. I wear thicker socks with them just because it feels better.  I've hiked over 10 miles in them and love them. They are really good in mud and slick spots.    ","      I like the comfort of the boot overall. The design is nice, as well. The price was on point. Overall, I like the boots.    ","      I love hiking and I can honestly say they are the best hiking boots I have ever owned. They are comfortable, low-maintenance and look so good! I got them for just a bit over $50... such a good bargain. Completely recommended.    ","      I said I could wear them all day because I have been breaking them in before my hike.  I have not worn them on a hike yet so really can't say how comfortable they will feel. So far I really like them.  I've been wearing them out in the rain and the slush just to see if they leak and so far I'm dry and warm.    ","      I bought these boots right before some serious hiking in West Virginia. I never needed to break them in and they never gave me blisters. Also, even hiking through a foot of snow, these boots kept my feet extremely warm (and usually my feet always get cold)    ","      I waited two weeks before posting my review to be certain there were no issues.  These boots are very comfortable, and best of all, they truly are waterproof!!!  So many claim to be an are not . . . but these definitely are.  I've walked 12 miles on early morning and dewy grass, and my feet have stayed dry.  I would recommend these boots.    ","      My daughter wears this for climbing in the Adirondacks. They are tough and comfortable as well as nice looking! They grip just enough to allow for gripping on smooth rocks without sticking. Great boot for hiking.    ","      These made my feet a little sore, but are still excellent boots. I've used them for environmental cleanups and hiking in Alaska, so far.    ","      Kept my feet dry and comfortable while walking through standing water and slogging through mud at a Petit LeMans race. We gave up on trying to walk around the track and ended up standing in the bar for several hours. Standing and dancing in the bar were just as comfortable as taking hills and crossing mud streams in the rain. Highly recommended.    ","      Great for work    ","      Wouldn't recommend it for hikes longer than 8 hours. It's not water proof, but it is water resistant.  Comfortable and looks great with most colors.  I wear a 7.5 in Nike and Adidas running shoes, I purchased 7.5 for these shoes. I can wear compression socks with normal gym socks under them and the boots will still fit.    ","      I have always ordered the men's version of this boot. My size was not available, so I ordered the womens. I did have to return them to go up a size. They were tight at first, but they are working out to fit just right. I really like the Newton Ridge boot since I need to wear them all day at work and they are comfortable.    ","      I've used this product before when I bought it at an Columbia outlet years back. Got a new pair for my wife and I for an upcoming trip. Decided to buy online after I checked the price at a sporting store, I usually just buy there if I try there, but the price was over 50% higher. Can't afford it these days. The shoe was great for the trip. Love the fact that it's water proof.    ","      My wife is in love with this shoe. It supports her ankles wonderfully and the sole has a very good grip-tred.    ","      A shoelace hook on the left foot broke off after the 5th wear! Don’t recommend.    ","      I’m usually a size 8 but I purchased a 8 1/2.I have wide feet    ","      These are really nice hiking boots. I put a couple coats of waterproof silicone on them for extra coverage. Have hiked several long hikes and they are comfortable.    ","      Takes a few days to break in, but feels good after that. Just be sure to carry a few bandaids with you the first day you wear them, and pay attention to spots where they rub. Once those are covered, you're good to go. I'm quite pleased.    ","      I received a pair of these boots in the past and loved them!  When I got this pair I wasn't disappointed. They are a little stiff to begin with, but formed to my feet perfectly, and are very comfortable.    ","      Fits well, comfortable for a few hours but will require a supportive insert for multi-day trips.    ","      Super comfortable! I didn't even need to break these in when I took them for a 7 mile hike outside of Portland, Oregon. I can't wait for the weather to get warmer so I can test these out in New York!    ","      Good sizing not too tight.  Can't wait to try them out on hikes. Book    ","      Well I'm never taking these things off my feet, wore them all day the first day I got them and they're so comfortable. Honestly I love the way they feel the support they give and the feeling that you could climb mountains in them.    ","      I really liked the look of the boot and wanted it to work.  Unfortunately it was too narrow for me and I would be unable to wear winter socks.  I had to return them.    ","      Love these boots. I don't hike often, but wanted these for the times I do! I also can use them at work and during inclement weather.    ","      Good fit.    ","      There were several reviews about the toe area pressing down when you walked. It seemed to be the case with mine as well. Unfortunate, but maybe others will be luckier.    ","      Very happy. My first hike with them was in a rock field and I should’ve had them scuffed so many times, but they didn’t get scuffed at all.    ","      runs a little narrow, but these were for my daughter who has smaller feet (width wise) than me.  She wore them immediately for a 6 mile hike and had no complaints about her  feet.    ","      A little loose with my hiking socks but honestly they were still super comfy! Only taken them on short hikes so far but they are awesome!    ","      I saw customers posted pictures of these in Utah. I was looking for hiking shoes for my Utah trip and bought these. Best decision ever, good ankle support, amazing grip and light weight. Can’t go wrong with these shoes ever.    ","      Bought these boots as a replacement to an identical pair of Colombia boots that I  have worn daily for work (in a very large outside garden department) for a year and a half.  These boots offer excellent foot cushioning and ankle support and after working all day wearing them I don't feel like my feet are going to fall off, I will purchase these again as needed.    ","      I love these hiking boots. Wore the all day for full day of hiking. They are so comfortable, especially paired with wool socks. I even wore the for a 3 hour glacier hike, which we had to add crampons onto our shoes - still super comfortable and my feet were completely dry. Great purchase especially for the price.    ","      I am a size 8 so I purchased a 8.5 but it was still a little tide around my toes.    ","      Great    ","      This is a great show.  It did not take long to break in and once broken in was very comfortable.    ","      A very light weight and comfortable boot. However, it doesn't hold up in my line of work, greenhouse nursery, where it's exposed to lots of moisture on a daily basis. The glue on the sides at the bottom is coming loose and I don't expect I'll get much more than 6 months use out of these boots. However, I have very sensitive feet and it's difficult for me to find any shoe that doesn't hurt. So for the price and comfort they're worth purchasing again.    ","      Great boot for the price. Comfortable foot bed!    ","      First pair of serious hiking boots. They have awesome support and are comfortable, not too heavy but thick enough to feel legit    ","      I wear a 9, but sometimes need a 9-1/2 depending on style.  I ordered the 9 & it fits beautifully.  Comfy and waterproof.    ","      There's nothing special about these for me. The fit is a little big and the ankle support just rubbed blisters onto me. I don't like how wide the bottoms are; I kept catching the toe on rocks and such that I was stepping on/over because they have such a larger footprint than other shoes I've had. 2 stars because they do seem very durable, but I won't find out because I'll definitely be getting rid of them.    ","      I really wanted to like these boots. They look great. The inside is comfortable. But the walking part (the biggest thing) hurts because of the toe bends! Ugh I read the reviews but I thought maybe I wouldn’t experience it but I did right off the bat. Just walking around my kitchen, it bends every time. I can’t imagine hiking like this. I’m sorry but will be returning. Look wise though, it’s awesome. And they’re light.    ","      I am very happy with this hiking shoes.  I wore it for my visit in April to Bryce Canyon and Zion National parks.  They are very light, comfortable.  Although it looks very slim for hiking shoes, it feels very comfortable.  Reasonable price, good looking and comfortable fit.  Highly recommend.    ","      These run true to size and have a comfortable toe box while at the same time holding my very narrow heel. I've worn a gray pair of these for about 8 months before finding the brown. I love these shoes and feel very secure and well balanced. I do use a different insole as I have fallen arches but no problem there either. Highly recommend and can't beat the price.    ","      Good fit shoe for my wife    ","      Comfortable and waterproof    ","      I love this boots! So light and soft and comfortable !    ","      Ordered my normal size (7womens) and shoe was too large. Might have been able to wear thicker socks to wear them but I also had the problem mentioned in other comments. when kneeling down the crease on the top part of the shoe was like hard plastic digging into the top of my foot. It hurt to the point where I wouldn't even be able to break them in. I work outside a lot and am constantly kneeling. No way I could have worn these for even one day even if they did fit. It was that bad.    ","      Fits well around foot and waterproof BUT the closure around the ankle does not hold secure. Almost like the tongue is to narrow and the laces can not be tightened enough to.feel like the boot it snug.    ","      I should have listened to other reviews. I have always worn a 9.5 shoe. I purchased this in 9.5 and when I tried them on it felt too large in the toe area and had a very uncomfortable bend right across my toes when I walked. If I would have walked a long period of time in these it would have rubbed so uncomfortably across my toes that no doubt it would have left a mark or blister. I did like the colors and the high ankle support. The fit was just off for me.    ","      It is comfortable and really waterproof. I used these boots for hikes in my last trip, and I just a problem in 1 day: the leather was folding in a position that was hurting an area close to the nail of my big toe. But it happened just once, and than everything worked fine.I recommend it!    ","      Definitely perfect for hiking or walking in our farm pastures. Breathable.  Only dislike is the padded tongue wants to bow out instead of laying flat when laced.    ","      Las compré por que las exigen en mi trabajo, pero las puedo usar en cualquier momento con unos Jeans,  se ven genial.    ","      Exactly as described.    ","      I love it and the material is greatI really love the color of my boots    ","      I purchased these books for my significant other who has weak ankles in order to wear during hiking trips to the Grand Canyon and Arches Nation Park.  Each time she wears them, they are so poorly designed they cause her blisters that have bled.  We went for a short practice hike of 2 miles and by the end she could barely walk.  The seam on the top of the ball of the foot does not properly flex with your foot when you walk, causing it to roughly rub the top of your foot raw with blisters. I regret buying these boots and wish I had discovered their design flaws before the window of return was available.  Please do not make the mistake we made and find some boots that are designed to fit a human foot.    ","      I like them I bought them for work, I'm on a concrete floor all day. they are very comfortable and I didn't need to break them in.    ","      They are a little narrow for my wide feet and I have high arches so I put in some insoles for additional arch support. Very comfortable and don'trequire too much break-in. My last pair lasted almost 10 years with regular use.    ","      I've only been using these for a couple of weeks, but works on every terrain I've tried. Snow, sand, rocks, even on a rainy day in Portland,OR. :) Durable, comfortable, and keeps my feet dry. I didn't even have to break them in.    ","      It’s lightweight and very comfortable from the first day of wear!    ","      just got the wrong size    ","      Got these for my wife and she loves them. She wears them sweeping snow off the sidewalks and shopping and running erands too. She says they look good and stylish too. And she says she gets lots of compliments from other women too. I might have to buy her another pair soon . I think she is going to wear them out. She has them on so much.    ","      I love these boots. I have flat feet and have a difficult time finding shoes to fit properly. These are great. I wear them all day.    ","      A very well made and rugged boot, went allover Ireland and Scotland on vacation total comfort and they were brand new received them a day before I left.    ","      Son perfectas    ","      This is my first hiking shoes and when I wore it this is Awesome very confirmable and good for price.    ","      Loved these boots. Wore these while hiking camelback mountain and exploring the Grand Canyon. They held up great and were super comfortable. I am usually a size 7, I got a half size bigger 7.5 with socks that are a little thicker they fit great and were comfortable.    ","      This shoe is perfect-as long as you break them in well before a big hike! They got me through 19 miles in Grand Canyon with zero blisters.    ","      Fit as expected    ","      Great Winter boots    ","      Light weight.  Ease of slipping on.  Warm.  Water resistant.  Perfect for hiking or everyday use.    ","      I wore it on a 2 hours hike on the mountain when I first got it. It protects my ankle very well and fits comfortably. I got compliments on them because they look nice too :)    ","      The shoe was a little stiff getting into it but as room as I wore them for a few hours they formed right to my fit. Big love!    ","      Excellent. Fit as expected    ","      I had them for a while. I love the convenience of throwing them on to run errands    ","      I've had these boots for more than 6 months now and they are very durable. I've already traveled through rainforests in Costa Rica in them both high lands and low lands and never had an issue with them. Easy to clean and fit just as expected. Ordered a 9 because I knew that for boots or tennis must order half size up so I did and fits great.    ","      Love these hiking shoes.  Lightweight, comfortable and easy to clean.    ","      Lightweight but sturdy    ","      Bought for my wife she loves them    ","      It is what i was expecting    ","      Excellent water resistance and traction for regular hiking    ","      They seem super nice, but I unfortunately had to return. Size 7 (US) is size 37 (Eu) for any shoe producer, except this one :( size 7 is the equivalent to 38 for them    ","      OMG, I love these boots. They looked great on my feet and with my clothes. Everyone loved them. They were comfortable and made hiking easy. When it rained I did feel like my feet felt wet but didn't stay in the rain long. Will have to look for weather proof spray.    ","      Incredibly comfortable, water proof, and quick to dry. My toes didn't freeze either. I bought these before doing a section of the AT and I didn't even need to break them in.    ","      Good boot! No complaints!    ","      I bought these for my adventurous trip to Iceland. I was NOT disappointed. Very sturdy, and fit as expected. Thank you!    ","      Amazing boots!  Took a bit of time to break them in completly, but a few hikes in and they're already feeling quite comfortable.  Highly recommended!    ","      I wear boots for my line of work for the past 22 years, always difficult for me to find comfortable boots, I decided to give these a try, wow, light, comfy and durable. I always have pain in my feet from those heavy boot like red wing or reebok, but I found my match... Wooo hooo, happy feet is an aewsome thing. :)    ","      Somebody said they were hot.  They are boots, not sandals.  Not slippery on a steep climb.  very comfortable, good looking boot.    ","      These boots do not have enough padding around the ankles.  The lack of padding and the seam at the ankle on the inside of the boot makes my ankle sore after only 5 minutes of wearing, so I think it would feel very uncomfortable during a hike.  There are plenty of boots out there with more padding around the ankle if you are willing to spend a bit more.  Other than the ankle issue, the boots are reasonably comfortable.    ","      It's probably good shoes, but it didn't fit well, definitely too large, size chart is not well done. I did try it after all, in smaller in a shop, but it's not a comfortable walking shoes and provoke pain on your big toes right away.    ","      I tried to buy cheap hiking boots on a 25 mile hike and I paid for it with blisters. But these shoes are amazing! They fit very true to size. Super comfortable and very durable for any terrain!    ","      The fit is perfect! They are the most comfortable hiking boot I have ever worn.    ","      good product    ","      They were comfortable to wear hiking and walking around in.    ","      Great    ","      Every step I took, the leather bent and hit my bug toe. I took 5 steps and had to take them off. Extremely uncomfrotable. Had they not done this, then I would have kept them. I liked everything about them but could not stand to get my big toe beat up every step I took    ","      So far I have hiked about 15 miles in 2 hikes and my feet stay dry, warm and haven't hurt.    ","      Fit exactly as expected! Light weight sturdy shoe    ","      Fits true to size and are very comfortable.    ","      I ordered them half size bigger so i would be able to use them with a think sock ... Usually my shoes arent that much of a difference when they half size bigger, but in this boots you can see rhe difference... I still love that they arent heavy and they look good    ","      Us these a few days a week to work at our animal shelter. Great with lots of walking in cemenet and hikes with the dogs outside!    ","      Bought these because the last time I went hiking in running shoes, my ankle gave out and I ate dirt. These have great grip, even in wet environments, and are probably the most attractive pair of protective hiking boots I've seen. Or least fashionably offensive (ha). They're my first pair of hiking boots and once (if ever) I wear them out I'll probably repurchase these.    ","      I have had a hard time finding hiking boots I like...I mainly wear for casual wear in the winter.  These fit great right out of the box    ","      Wore them today for the first time on a moderate hike and loved them! Helped me keep my balance and provided stability around my ankles. I highly recommend them. They fit as expected.    ","      Great hiking shoes for the price. I’ve wore them a few times not and they are still intact and waterproof.    ","      Very comfortable but one boot started to leak after 6 months of heavy wear    ","      Love these boots was timid on buying cause not a big fan of boots on ankles but to my surprise they are very comfortable!    ","      Son cómodas, de inmediato que llegaron las use, se sienten comidas, ajustan bien a los pies, buena compra relación precio, fácil de limpiar!!    ","      Loved the boots! Use it in Iceland and it was perfect. Not super waterproof but it kept my feet warm enough?    ","      Like all the other reviews, the toe box pinches at the top but it went away after one day or hiking. Now they’re extremely comfy!    ","      These shoes are amazing! I did 8 miles of hiking through Arkansas yesterday and these shoes did so well for me! I can’t wait to wear them when I go hiking in Colorado!    ","      Love these! I'll need to break them in a little, they seem to rub the backs of my ankles a bit, but overall a good boot.    ","      I wear a size 9 in most all boots and shoes, but these were 2 inches to long. They are Very light with no inside padding.  Just not what I expected.    ","      Marcher avec le chien dans le bois    ","      Attractive shoe; was concerned about support, but the shoe is firm.    ","      I spent allot of time researching what hiking boots to get and decided on these.  I just got them and am so pleased! They fit wonderfully, are true to size and are so comfortable!  Even though they are hiking boots I know I'll wear these as one of my favorite casual shoes.  A definite five stars for the product and quick delivery!    ","      Lovin' these boots! the base is solid. Even the toe area is solid. Nice colour! Very light :) i love them!    ","      I've worn these hiking several times so far and they are very comfortable. I wore them in the rain as well last week and they've held up just fine. They never make my feet sore and they seem like they will last a very long time.  Added bonus is how nice they look!    ","      I'm a size 11 but i ordered a size 12 to give me some extra room for my thick soaks. I order these boots since i went on a hiking trip in December and there were snow.    ","      Good fit    ","      This is my second pair. The first pair is still usable, but I really didn't take proper care of them and used them working in a blueberry field. The first pair is now my working ones and these will be more for \"dress\".    ","      Love the fact that the boot is so light on the foot, makes for easier walking!    ","      Great boots, waterproof for sure. But where the toe bends it is a bit painful and took some time to break in.    ","      Light weight, nice quality, smart look, comfortable design and firm grip. It is value for the price.    ","      Bought these one size larger than I usually buy and they fit perfectly. Bought a pair of Columbia winter boots last year and ordered them exact size i wear and they were a little tight so i ordered these one size larger. Theyre a perfect fit and I love them! Very comfortable and warm!!    ","      Love them! Fit exactly my size. I had been wanting hiking boots, need them for a costume party and wore them for several hours walking around. Very comfortable and looking forward to using them for their appropriate purpose!    ","      El artículo es muy bueno, y de muy buena calidad. Solamente me quedó grande, aún pidiendo mi número habitual.    ","      These do run big. Usually a 8.5 but went with an 8 and wore thick hiking socks. Love them!    ","      The shoe was a perfect fit for my wife and of the quality we’ve come to expect from Columbia.    ","      These shoes are very comfortable and just what I was needing for small trail hikes. They broke in very easy and are very comfortable and light weight. They are pretty true to size, was going to go a little big for socks but glad I didn't.    ","      My wife finds this shoe comfortable for hikes, it’s lightweight compared to other hiking shoes and fits perfectly for her.    ","      LOVE LOVE LOVE these boots! They fit well and didn't hurt to break in. I wore them for 5 days straight 10 hours a day without blisters. Traction was very good.    ","      There is a small issue with the toe box area, it bends and hits tops of the toes, but only on the left. I am breaking them in so we'll see if that works. nice boots though.    ","      Wore these an entire day the first time out of the box. They run true to size. I work in an office but do outside site visits also. They have great traction and are warm and stayed dry. Look more like a casual shoe and I love that about them!! We are in northern Indiana and it has been in the teens!! My feet remained warm all day!    ","      This boot is amazing for what I use them for. I work at UPS and they feel amazing, very comfortable!.    ","      Walked around all day and they were very comfy, no rubbing anywhere ,happy to say no blisters    ","      Love the slimmer style. Not super bulky which I love. True to size and super cute!    ","      Ordered for a friend she loved them even shipped early    ","      1st time ordering these boots, have had Columbia light trail shoes before so know the brand.  I have worn them for 2 days, all day and find them very comfortable. I wear them with a med sock and that works fine. Live in a rural area on 10 acres and walk those acres everyday with my labs. Would not hesitate to recommend them.    ","      Comfortable fit.  Wore them all day and legs/feet never got tired. Also kept feet dry in light rain.  Good value    ","      Very comfortable    ","      I used these to hike in Alaska and they were amazing-my feet stayed warm and dry the whole time. My mom and sister in law are both now planning to buy them.    ","      These are very comfortable. True to size. I generally wear a 9. Ordered a 9 and they fit perfect.    ","      Across the toe area when the toes bend when taking a step, the creased area is hard and pinches the toes across the top of the toes. Very hard and uncomfortable.    ","      I like these boots for the fit. And I think they'll work fine for wearing in the snow and light walking. However, when walking, the bend of the toe box hits the top of my foot and causes some discomfort.  I don't think it will be a problem for the amount of walking  I'll be doing in them. But I definitely won't be doing any serious hiking in them.    ","      Great boots! I purchased them last minute for a trip to Colorado. They came quickly and held up nicely on our hikes.    ","      Purchased to wear in Iceland for hiking.  Kept feet warm and dry. Fit to size. Loved them.    ","      Amazing. Best shoes I’ve worn to hike.    ","      Works great and fairly comfortable    ","      Very comfortable    ","      Perfect for trekking around Iceland!    ","      these boots were great! i used them for Humphrey's Peak and the were very comfortable. i bought them a half size up and they fit my foot perfectly. if you're looking to buy these go a half size up.    ","      I've never had issues with the Columbia brand and thought these would be great for hiking the local trails. That said, when walking the boots crease over your toes and really dig in although they seem to fit initially; they weren't tight or small but painful when walking. Thinking I just needed to break them in, I tried them out a few times but ended up returning them because I couldn't imagine walking in them anymore.    ","      I like the product very much, but I have ordered wrong size. I would like to exchange my product.    ","      Me quedaron muy bien son comodisimas y las he usado para estsr de pie por mas de 12 hrs.    ","      Seems sturdy, but it doesn't have the arch support I was hoping for. Also, it came with two different size shoe laces. One is long enough to tie and normal, but the other one was only long enough to tie in a knot. Super weird that there's a good 8in difference*Edited!After about 6 months of use I'm editing my review and removing a star. Even though I'm wearing the proper size, the heel of the boot has worn down completely and is now rubbing and causing blisters. I expected better from the padding.    ","      Be aware the fit runs a little big    ","      Great shoes but the front of the shoe creases in an odd way every time I take a step. It digs into my toes a little but doesn't hurt too bad. Minor inconvenience.    ","      These hiking boots are exactly what I was looking for. They are perfect and I'm completely satisfied.    ","      Perfect fit.    ","      It is slightly small for the size but not overall uncomfortable. We did several hikes on yellowstone and rockies no major issue.    ","      Waterproof,  comfy, durable...what more could you ask for! Have worn these while working with and riding my horse in all kids of weather and muck. The owner of my stable bought a pair and is just as thrilled. Don't have to pay the big bucks for those Ariat boots which self destruct at the seams in no time. Yea!    ","      These are my favorite shoes. I wear them daily and they’re wonderful in every way. Great price for real Columbia shoes!    ","      Very comfortable for long walks. Ordered a half size up and they fit great.    ","      Excellent, sturdy shoe. Great quality. A job to hike in. Definitely take the time needed to break them in appropriately.    ","      I’ve been wearing them for over a month and I feel like I been wear them for years there so nice and comfortable I wish I would of bought them years ago they help my walk    ","      I'm not really outdoorsy so I wanted to grab a quick and cheap (relative to other boots) pair to do the job but I think these will last me the rest of my life because they're so nice!    ","      Love them. Nice quality.    ","      My daughter works as a guide at Red Mountain Park. She does hiking anf zip line tours. She loves these boots and wants another pair.    ","      I like it. So confortable. Right fit    ","      LOVE these boots. If they ever get worn enough that I need another pair (which I doubt they will), I would buy the same exact pair all over again. I've worn them hiking all over the place and they're extremely comfortable.    ","      Love the fact that I did not have to break in the boots.  Comfortable for hiking and walking.  Super happy!    ","      Although I’m sure these are really nice boots the pair I purchased looked as though they had been worn and returned. I’ve ever encountered this before I decided since I had paid so much for them and they seemed to run big and were too big for me I decided to return them. I’m sure they are perfectly wonderful boots but I was a little disappointed considering how they arrived.    ","      I will use it for hiking.    ","      Columbia footwear never disappoints.  Size is always on the mark and the rugged durability is excellent!!    ","      After about mile 6 or 7 of a 10 mile hike, the toenails on my big toes seemed to be becoming bruised.  Not on the ends, the shoe was plenty big enough, but on the top sides of the nail.  I believe this is due to the \"toe crease\" others have complained about.  Not sure if \"breaking in\" will help or not, but I will probably end up getting something different.    ","      Good fit    ","      Seems to be a reoccurring issue with the toe crease. I'm a true size 9 and they seem to be a little big. Even just trying them on in my house I could tell where the shoe creases over my toes would be a huge problem if I ever went for a real hike. It was painful from the get go. Considered sizing down to 8.5 but after reading further reviews I'll just try a different boot.    ","      I'm really pleased with the shoes. They fit me extremely well. I have not yet worn them on a hike. However, I have worn them around the house and they did not rub me anywhere. I recommend this product and would plan to buy them again in the future.    ","      Comfortable out of the box. Wore them non stop from the moment I put them on.    ","      I got them for walking my dog. They’re great. No more wet socks!    ","      I needed a weatherproof boot that I could wear all day. These are perfect, lightweight, stylish, and comfortable.    ","      warm and waterproof.  Used in Iceland and never had cold or wet feet    ","      these fit just as expected. I just received them so I haven't really worn them out yet, but I hope they are as good as they look!    ","      I chose this boot because I wanted something neutral.  The boot fits comfortable and fit nicely around the ankle just I expected.  The foot bed is spongy and comfortable to wear all the time.  Would purchase again.    ","      It’s perfect to work !!    ","      I was wary of buying hiking boots online but these turned out to be very comfortable and fit surprisingly well. The inner sole is cushier than I expected, which is nice. I've been able to wear them all day and have no problems with aching feet.    ","      I had to return my usual size for 1/2 size bigger which was a perfect fit.    ","      I love the comfort of these boots....I use them for work, so the durability is great...    ","      I love this boot, but after two months am disappointed.  I work in a big box store and have been wearing Columbia boots for years. They provide excellent foot protection and support.  These were doing great, until month number two. The sole is coming off of the shoe. There should be at least a 6 month period before anything like this happens. I have never had this issue with any previously owned Columbia boots. Not happy.☹    ","      Wore them trekkng in Iceland and they fit the bill.  Just a little cold in ice cave.    ","      Extremely comfortable boots that fit as expected!I bought them for my trekking days, but they are so comfy that i wear them at work too.I would definitely recomend this ítem.    ","      I really liked these but two of the metal latches to complete lacing and tying your shoe that are the top two spots for laces... they already broke/fell off within first month which makes me question the quality of construction    ","      They look and feel great. I wear these for camping and hiking. Very pleased with boots that are not overpriced.    ","      They are kind of painful to break in. Good durability though.    ","      I wear a size 11. Got the same size and it fits well. Currently breaking them in for Iceland!    ","      Excellent value for the product. I used these on a recent trip to the Faroe Islands and they were comfortable, waterproof and perfect for the climate. I looked into so many other boots and these were so great for the price. I would recommend them to anyone.    ","      Wore these while hiking through the mountains in Monte Verde, Costa Rica during the rainy season (in October). They fit perfectly. Didn't slip once. And after a couple of days of walking, my feet felt totally fine. Plus, they're also cute :)    ","      Love these boots, already walked almost 300km in them and they’re going strong    ","      Me encantó el producto, son cómodos y súper frescos, no me los quitos, lo recomiendo ampliamente    ","      Gr8    ","      Great!!    ","      They feel great! They look great on me, with whatever I wear (whether it's jeans or tights or hiking pants)! They are sturdy when I go hiking. They feel comfortable even at the end of a long hiking day.    ","      I love these! They keep my feet dry and aren’t too bulky compared to other shoes. I’m happy to have a pair of shoes I can wear in both summer and winter.    ","      Im a big nature bunny and they fit perfectly. I took them with me on my trip to Iceland and many other hikes. If you are a hiker i highly recommend them. Not only are they very comfortable but they are stylish as well.    ","      Loved these boots! Did a 6 mile hike without even breaking them in and no blisters! Would highly recommend.    ","      These boots are light-weight and comfortable.  They have good supports.  Fit as expected.  The cuff of the boots feels comfortable even when wearing short socks.    ","      The boots pinch the top of my big toes where they bend as I step. I was hopeful that with wear that I will be able to break them in, but after using them daily for 4 days straight for a fairly flat 1.5 mile walk, I am doubtful. I have made adjustments by waring heavier socks and shifting my foot in the front of the boot as much as possible, and that has helped, but they still aren't what I would call comfortable. It's a shame because they look great and seem very durable. It's just a poor design! I'll have to keep them because I have used them,so I'll revise this review if they do indeed become more comfortable.    ","      They fit true to size but very hard and need brake in period .I did not wanted to see if they get more comfortable and just returned them .    ","      I had a pair of columbia boots I bought over ten years ago that I wore off and on, very comfortable and rugged, but they finally fell apart in hikes in colorado mountains. So I needed a new pair and thought again to columbia. Sadly this hiking boot was more like a pair of tennis shoes - both in style, fit and sole. It was light weight but not at all nice, tight in toe box and nothing like I expected of a hiking boot (I needed something for my winter trip to new zealand). So I returned them and got another brand. Shame, I guess columbia products have changed in all this time or maybe given all the positive reviews, this shoe is best for good weather short walks.    ","      Love this boot. Fits perfectly.  Great for hiking.    ","      PERFECT fit; I am very happy with this purchase.  Great price too!  The only reason they get 4 stars is because of the tongues of the shoes; one really has to work to get them to lay flat.    ","      They are still very stiff after a week, I've been slowly trying to break them in.    ","      Great hiking boot.  Exactly as advertised. Good price as well.    ","      The quality of the product is excellent, but they are small!    ","      This is my second pair of Columbia Hiking Shoes and I love it so much.    ","      Love it...    ","      Great hiking boots    ","      I wear a narrow shoe and these do not slip on my heel!  Love them!    ","      Love, love, love them!  Perfect fit!  My feet are slightly wide but wide fit are too wide and some average size are too narrow. These are perfect!!!!  Great ankle support without being too stiff, and the perfect amount of medium arch support.    ","      WOhooo- I got the best boots ever- I was not expecting the quality would be so good as the price was relatively cheaper than others. But, they are perfect. Btw, I got my usual size (7) and they fit perfect.    ","      I received my shoes today and I was planning on using them on a trip in two days. Imagine my surprise when I go to try them on there’s no cushion only hard board. Not really sure what I am going to do now.    ","      I am very pleased with my hiking boots :) the fit was perfect. I have replaced the newton ridge 2 which became my best friends with the newton ridge plus and are expecting the same great results from them. I hiked the camino in Spain and have done many a mile in them. They where definetily waterproof and comfortable.    ","      I liked how lightweight they are. They are thick. good grip.    ","      most comfortable hiking boots ever!!! can wear all day and are waterproof!!!!    ","      They fit perfectly. There was no breaking in period. They were comfortable from the first time I put them on. Love them!    ","      These shoes were purchased as a gift and they have really small feet and I was so excited to get these and they worked out for such a great price.    ","      Very good quality.  Would like a little bigger toe box to have more room for a heavy sock and provide all day comfort.  Stood up well to some serious walking.    ","      Wore these recently on a trip to Switzerland.  Comfy, warm, and kept me dry!    ","      I like that they are waterproof and were comfortable from my first walk in them    ","      Super comfortable! They fit great warm and keep my feet dry.    ","      Comfortable    ","      I don't get it.  My husband has these, my son has worn these for three years in a row - they loved them.  I finally got around to buying a pair and they seriously pinch my toes!  I can't wear them for 5 minutes.  Not sure if this problem will go away as they get worn in but I am highly dissapointed.  I just ordered another pair to see if it is a manufacturing problem with the pair I received.  Perhaps the design doesn't work on smaller sizes?  I fit a 7M which is a 1/2 size than my normal shoe size.    ","      I really liked the model and material of these boots. When I tried them on they felt comfortable. After walking a few steps, I started feeling that my toes where pushed down by the front top part of the boot. Many people wrote about this issue and I thought it was nothing until I tried them on.I returned them and bought Merrel Yokota 2 hiking shoes and I'm really happy with them. I recommend you try boots in a store before ordering them, make sure you can walk comfortably! I went on a hiking trip and I can't imagine having to walk all those miles with these Columbia boots.    ","      Love these shoes.  I stand on concrete most of the day & they are really comfortable.    ","      This boot is everything I need for hiking - thick rubber sole, great ankle support and waterproof! It was more money than I wanted to spend but a lot less than comparable boots. I will probably order another pair!    ","      Great shoe, very stable and fits true to size. Does require some breaking in.    ","      Loved it!! Didn’t have to break into it, wore it during my entire hike in AZ!!    ","      From what I can tell when tried on, fits good. Won’t truly know til I wear them this winter.    ","      These are really good ❤️❤️❤️❤️    ","      I normally wear 12 in boots and 12 fit great with these as well!    ","      Great looking and feeling boots!    ","      I have an ankle that didn't heal correctly and I needed something sturdy since I work on my feet. They provide great support, fit as expected, and have been great with the Oregon weather we have. I have worn these on the beach, on the sidewalk, and on rocky ground and I haven't had an issue with slipping.    ","      I normally wear a size 7 in women's, but got a 7.5 to have extra room for thicker socks. Great boots, I have used them quite a few times already for long distance hiking.    ","      Normally I  wear a Size 8 ...was too big.Size 7 was perfect.  Comfortable to wear.Returning size 8    ","      Great hiking shoe. I've had it around a year and it is holding up well. But low stars because it is very hard to get on and off. You have to almost completely undo all of the laces.    ","      Fits well and received a ton of compliment in one day of wear.  I don't even feel like they need to be broken in.    ","      Very comfortable, and waterproof. They’re perfect for hiking the Washington trails    ","      Comfortable and great for hiking!    ","      I like it very much fits for sneaker    ","      Comfortable and easily broken in. I wore these camping and they worked great.    ","      LOVE these boots!  They are super comfortable, fit GREAT and there was almost NO break-in period at all!!!!!  And besides that, they're really cute!    ","      Very well built shoe. Its comfortable and can get you through any hike. The sizes are also dead on    ","      Ni una excusa, medidas, material, color, textura, todo perfecto. Son cómodas para traer todo el día, son ligeras    ","      Good value for the money. They are light weight but tough.    ","      Que son perfectos para el frío Y los voy a utilizar en el trabajo    ","      Wore my new Columbia hikers for the first time yesterday for a 4 mile hike.  They were pretty comfortable.  They kept my feet dry even walking through a small stream. No blisters or anything....they were a great buy!    ","      Using them as everyday shoes and very comfortable, I was not disappointed.    ","      These boots are most definitely waterproof! The only thing wrong with these boots is that they are hot to wear when you are in 77 degree weather. They walk fine and they are supportive to the ankle but have no breathing for the feet.    ","      Great boots. Wore them all day with no pinching or sore foot - fabulous    ","      I love these, very comfortable!    ","      Cute and comfortable! Feet did not hurt after 3 hour hike carrying a baby!    ","      Very comfortable and nicely priced! Quick delivery too. Highly recommended    ","      These fit perfectly and I normally wear a 9.5 or 10 so I made sure to get the larger size.  They fit perfectly and seem fairly comfortable and are well made.    ","      I bought these same boots 3 years ago. They held up real well and are very comfortable. The new ones are proving to be as good as the old ones.    ","      I didn't really need a waterproof boot and I bought Merrell Women's Moab Ventilator Mid Hiking boot as a second option.  I wasn't crazy about how these looked although they did feel comfortable.  They fit as expected but I ended up returning them...    ","      The size was true, but I could not even walk aro my living room without pain in my toe. The toe crease is so deep and severe no way I could even hike to the mail box in these without getting a blister. I also bought a more expensive Columbia hiking boot to avoid this problem and they both had the same issue! I went with a much cheaper brand bearclaw and was very impressed!    ","      I love these boots so much that this is my second, exact pair. I still have my first pair and they are still in great shape. I wear these full time during the cold months, not just for hiking.    ","      This is the second pair I order on amazon (first pair were Timberlands that I returned) and I don’t know if it’s me or what, but they hurt around the ankles!! I can’t see myself hiking more than 2 miles in these. Breaking them in didn’t work. They “fit” perfectly but once you start walking it hurts like heck around ankles. Too bad I can’t return them now.    ","      I have had these boots for 2 weeks, but so far so good. My feet stay completely dry. I am very pleased with these boots    ","      Light weight shoes. Look good and kept my feet dry during a storm.    ","      I’m either a 7.5 or an 8. I leaned to an 8 since everyone said having some room would be nice for layering!    ","      Excelente para largas caminatas    ","      Nice looking boot!  Fits as expected with good support for serious hiking.  Would recommend as an economical choice    ","      These boots were super comfortable from day one. I typically were a size 7 and these were true to size.    ","      These would be great boots for the casual hiker. I walk around 10 miles a day for work, and these just didn't hold up. At first, they were waterproof, fit well, and had decent traction, but only later about 3 months.    ","      These boots fit me perfectly!..I ordered a half size larger than my foot as I wear thinner socks.  I'm a heavy person and need good foot support for walking most distances, like shopping and so on.  I get excellant ankle support and across the top of my feet too.  Hope they last a long time....    ","      Love these boots! Have a pair I've had for 5 years. Glad I found another pair. Great boot!    ","      Llegó en el tiempo estimado    ","      Cute and comfy.    ","      Muy bonitos, cómodos y ligeros....    ","      These are the best hiking boots I have ever purchased and at a great price! they didn't need and breaking in, I used them right away and it was fine. they kept out water and my ankles felt great after a long hike!    ","      I wear a size 8 but have a wide foot. I ordered a 8 1/2 and they are perfect!    ","      These boots are AMAZING!!!! Must have!!!! They are completely waterproof and so comfortable. This is a very supportive boot. Hiked all week and they were awesome. Highly recommend.    ","      Very comfortable. Fit is perfect.    ","      Would have loved these if it wasn't for the crease digging into my big toe and giving me a giant blister on the third day of wearing them. I'll see if maybe I can break them in a bit and fix the issue? Had to go buy a new pair of shoes from a different brand for work. Really disappointed since they're really cute. 😕    ","      Great shoes. Great price.    ","      I really wanted to like these boots. They look good, they're basically waterproof and are a reliable brand. I tried them on when I got home and could not walk in them. The toe part of the boot bends in when walking and it felt like it was going to cut off my toe! I ended up returning these and am still searching for a good hiking boot.    ","      These fit perfectly. I absolutely love them. So comfortable!    ","      Loved them.!! Will buy second pair    ","      These boots were exactly what I was looking for style-wise. They are well made and look like they would hold up for a few years. My only problem with these boots is the cut. The toe area is too narrow. I tried 7.5 (my usual size) and 8 but there just wasn't enough room in the toe area. Sadly, I returned them.    ","      My daughter went hiking with it, she loved it..which made me happy.    ","      I liked experiencing considerably less pain in hip and knees than w/other types of footwear.    ","      My sister in law love her Xmas present fits great she said    ","      These are fantastic hiking boots! I absolutely love them. The height on them is perfect, very comfortable    ","      Very good product for the money boots fit awesome    ","      Very small in toe box. Many blisters trying to break them in.    ","      With the way the lace eyelets allow for the laces to easy movement when putting the boots on or off are excellent for  people with high archers.    ","      Fit was great, enough room for thick socks but easy to tighten when you don’t need them.    ","      My wife loved these boots, very comfortable to hike here in Colorado    ","      Lighter than I expected, also a bit roomier, but with orthopedic inserts and thick hiking socks, excellent fit.    ","      Exactly what I needed for my upcoming trip. Love them!    ","      This was a gift for my mother law and she loved it.    ","      They are not holding up. Scuff very easily.  Fit is not what it should be a little loose. Even though I have tightly laced. Tongue  doesn't stay secure. Makes for very uncomfortable fit. Would not buy again.  Usually  buy Sketckers. I bought these because I couldn't find a black Sketcher I liked. I thought this was a  premium brand.  Very disappointed.    ","      Fit exactly as I thought it would. Very comfortable    ","      Están geniales!! Les aconsejo pedir medio número menos, por que vienen amplias, de hay en fuera todo excelente, he hecho senderismo, escalada, las he mojado y han estado super cómodas, recomendadas ampliamente.    ","      Extremely waterproof and warm. Not comfortable if wearing for over 10 hours.    ","      Use these as work boots in the fall/ winter weather. Keeps my feet dry and warm boots are also comfortable.    ","      Used them for long hikes, after a few hours they start hurting the fit, they are a little hard. Great water proof    ","      These boots fit me just right and are great for everyday use.    ","      best hiking shoes ever!    ","      Estoy encantada con mis botas,  ya tengo varios meses usándola y me encantan 😍    ","      A little heavy, but they do what they're supposed to do.    ","      Excelente    ","      Perfect boots. Not too heavy and water proof. Broke them in hiking in NM - would fully recommend    ","      Las amo, son bonitas y cómodas, la talla es holgada, perfecta para uso con calceta gruesa!!!    ","      The shoes are very comfortable and light. I liked them very much. How they behave in the mountains do not know yet, I hope they will not let you down)    ","      Me encantaron, super cómodas y ligeras aunque no lo e probado en la nieve pero creo que si funcionan    ","      The product has a high quality and its very comfortable.    ","      I read all the comments and most of them says that the boots run big. It is true! I like them, but I feel that I have to brake them. I love the color.    ","      I have a 'C' width foot so unfortunately this boot was a little snug. I thought going a size up would help but it didn't. It was a well made boot and of high quality, but I need leather for the give.  If it came in a wider width and in leather it would have been a better fit for me.    ","      Light weight and good for walking, they are not quite as comfortable as my old Asolo Sundowners. I also wish that they were leather lined. Recommended.    ","      This is a great hiking boot for the price ... except for the toe.  Good side support, decent-ish arch support, and I love the classic style, but the boot caves inward over the toes, which drove me nuts. I ended up with the Merrell Moab 2 instead, which had TREMENDOUSLY better arch support and can be found for about $20-30 more. I really wanted to like this shoe, but no luck.    ","      These are my first hiking boots and they were great. Didn't require any breaking in. Perfect fit and comfort.    ","      Love it. I feel so comfortable all day long. I will buy more.    ","      Son cómodos y la medida excelente muy bien los zapatos    ","      Firs great and very comfortable.    ","      I walk 10 hours with these shoes.  They are a glove.    ","      Great fitting shoes,I love the way they look, super price.    ","      I had to return these as they were not wide enough for my feet. I was not able to actually wear them so I cannot comment on the quality, though they look nice.    ","      I found these painful to wear. The front formed a deep crease that DUG INTO MY BIG TOES AND WAS PAINFUL to wear for even 5 minutes.  I tried to break them in walking around my living room and they were so painful on my big toes that I couldn't stand it any longer. I returned them the same day.I bought these hoping the leather would them a softer feel BUT...These boots are very stiff (too stiff for me) and DO require breaking in despite what other reviews say. The upper feels like plastic, not leather--maybe the leather is too highly treated.In terms of size, they did fit about right. I have wide feet and I found the B width to be wide enough. Too bad they dug into my toes.    ","      I love these shoes..... I like them a lot, they lightweight, comfortable and provide ankle support.    ","      Hiked in Iceland. Rain and puddles on trails . Feet constantly wet, boots failed to keep my feet dry.    ","      Excellent quality and true size. They look great and they are light.    ","      Not too heavy to wear all day. Purchased for December trip to Colorado but didn't get the opportunity to test the waterproof ability    ","      SO COMFORTABLE RIGHT AWAY! I love these boots. First off, they aren't completely nerdy looking which is a plus. Second, I didn't need to work them in at all prior to getting into some serious hikes.    ","      Not wide enough so they need sizes in wide    ","      It’s waterproof and comfortable. Rugged with good grip    ","      These fit perfectly, I'm a size 9. But they don't have much arch support and feel cheap when I wear them. Definitely recommend looking at other top brands if you're looking to hike long miles and such. They're cute though    ","      Fit nicely and easy to walk in. The shoe laces do come untied/loose easily after walking for a while.    ","      Like them bunches.  Slightly large but nothing a good pair of socks can't fix.  4 stars for arch support but I still wore them all day without issue    ","      Great quality, comfortable wear    ","      I love everything about this boots! I'm a petite person with relatively small narrow feet.    ","      My last pair held up well in caustic environment for 2 years.    ","      Great pair of boots! Excellent quality as expected from Columbia. Very comfortable, good arch support, comfortable ankle height.  Fits great with thin or wool boot socks. I'm a female truck driver. I bought these for a work boot. Wanted something waterproof that was not too bulky or manly looking.  They are perfect!    ","      The boots fit perfect. My last pair of hiking boots were really heavy and check my ankles. These boots are light and comfortable.    ","      love the boots little big just have to wera heavier socks    ","      Great fit! Can’t wait to try them out in Sedona!!    ","      ordered 1/2 size bigger to accommodate winter wool sox. Fit was great. they were also $20 cheaper then bass pro, who did not have my size. Their loss :0    ","      Comfortable attractive not too heavy. Very happy with my boots    ","      great for hikinglook great!! love the colour    ","      Very comfortable when I tried them on. Will be wearing them out this weekend to do some hiking.    ","      Have yet to wear them for hiking and winter snowshoeing but I like the look and As I wear them around the house they feel comfortable.Sure hoping for the best    ","      I'm a 12 and this fits perfect for a hiking boot.  Allow room for socks.  Completed a 5 mile hike a few days ago as my first wear and very happy.  I would and will buy again    ","      Comfortable from moment I put them on. Look great & actually make my women size 10-11 foot look much smaller.    ","      Used this every where we hike.  Very comfortable    ","      Excellent    ","      Excellent grip, could easily do Arches trail and also climb a bit of rocks. Happy with the purchase    ","      I LOVE IT!    ","      Great for hiking through streams and snow patches.    ","      Wore these boots in the snow with one pair of wool socks and my feet stayed warm and dry!    ","      Just what I expected. They fit perfect and are very light!  I have not been out in rain yet to test for waterproof.  Very happy so far    ","      Ordered a half size up and these are PERFECT. I cannot believe how lightweight they are yet have great ankle support and awesome tread. Theyre super comfy and might I add look totally bomb(:    ","      Excellent quality but uncomfortable around the ankle.    ","      I purchased these for my girlfriend, she loves them.    ","      Love these new boots. Comfortable, warm and waterproof so far    ","      After trying many difference boots, I was delighted when these hiking boots felt extremely comfortable right away.  In fact, I bought a second identical pair so I wouldn't have to go through all the hassles of trying to find another pair to fit so well in years to come.    ","      Love it . Simply the hiking shoes I need .. very light, comfortable.    ","      Good quality and they fit well    ","      Fits perfectly    ","      These are my wife's favorite shoe.  This is her 5th pair in last 7 years. Lightweight and comfy.    ","      Got this for Machu Picchu hike.  Great quality and my fiancé was very happy with the design and durability.  Very comfortable for our 4 hr hike.    ","      Great item, comfortable.    ","      I originally ordered my regular size of an 8 M. They were very narrow and my toe was right at the end of the shoe. I exchanged them for an 8 1/2 M which were way too big. I was considering keeping them and doubling up on socks but the toe creases and is very painful on my foot. I cannot imagine hiking all day in these.    ","      Very good quality hiking shoes! I normally a size7-7.5 so I went ahead and got a 7.5 and they fit great! If you're contemplating I would definitely go with that extra .5 of a size for more room for thick hiking socks!    ","      I love these boots! They're super cute and comfy for hiking (I wear them with the wool hiking socks I purchased through Amazon). If I wanted, I could wear these boots for every day use, but I won't.    ","      Great, sturdy boot that also looks good. I’ve done 14 hour hikes in them and all good!    ","      Love these boots. Good quality and great fit.    ","      Seriously are heavy duty and waterproof!    ","      Very happy with this purchase. I had borrowed a friend's pair of Columbia hiking boots so I already knew which size to order (ordered a 1/2 size up from my normal US size). Were comfortable from the first wearing - a 3 hour walk/easy hike in Costa Rica.    ","      Not really a hiker but I needed something for walking the dog in the woods, snow, mud, etc. So far, so good.    ","      Boots are light and appear to be well made. Bending toe causes pain, so hoping these break in pretty quickly.    ","      Ever since I Got these you can't get me out of them.  Wow.  What an outstanding hiking / approach boot.    ","      Hard to get work boots in womens sizes. I have bought these boots twice. They fit great. Shipping was fast too. Arrived before my shift.    ","      Comfy! I could wear these all day!    ","      They didn’t even have to be broke in. They are very comfortable and give great support.    ","      My daughter wore these to hike in Canada and really enjoyed wearing them.    ","      Took these on a trip to Alaska and they were great!    ","      My grand daughter asked for these boots for hiking. She loves them. Very comfortable and true to size.    ","      I love these shoes! They fit as expected, I usually wear an 11 and I did not need to go a size up at all. They are comfortable hiking and super cute.    ","      It's lightweight and keep my toes warm during my trip to Iceland. Super comfortable as well!    ","      Love these boots this is my second pair. Lasted me a year of everyday wear. Looking forward to another great year with these    ","      Comfortable, light not heavy I love it, I use it for work .    ","      Very comfortable and light, not a heavy boot.    ","      There's a spot that makes the top of my feet hurts. But when wearing thick socks it doesn't hurt anymore.Not stylish so I don't wear it often.    ","      The best hiking boots I've ever owned. I wear these occasionally when I'm not hiking.    ","      Initially the hiking boot felt comfortable but after hiking in them, it kept rubbing at the base of my toes. Due to how the boot is stitched under the shoe laces, it creates a bend in the boot at the base of the toes area that will rub/cut/blister your foot. Don't waste your money or time trying to break them in.  You get what you pay for so invest in a quality pair of hiking boots.    ","      The toe breaks over the toes, a little uncomfortable on the left foot.    ","      Comfortable from the get-go. Easy on and off. Cute!    ","      I bought it for hiking in the mountains.    ","      Planning to use them on my next trip to Alaska. Very comfortable fit!    ","      Very comfortable. Great for my trip to Colorado.    ","      Very nice and comfy. Wife loves them. Fit and choice was perfect!  What can I say!!    ","      This product is excellent    ","      Best boots for landscapers. They keep your feet dry and the leather molds to your feet. Buy them! They're great.    ","      Great    ","      Extremely satisfied with the product and the fast service from amazon. I have ordered these boots many times. Very happy with the fit and wear they provide    ","      I ordered the wrong size, but other than that the shoe itself was perfect    ","      Fits great! These are super comfortable on my feet. The tread allows for great stability.    ","      My lady friend loves these hiking boots, no pinching or binding of any sort she says they are very very comfortable. She normally wears a size 8 and I ordered an 8.5 and they fit perfectly    ","      I bought these because of the Columbia brand but these shoes are very uncomfortable! No support. I wore them hiking twice and not comfortable at all. My feet hurt not even an hour into my hike.. wishing I could return them!    ","      Looks great for a hiking shoe and was a great price, compared to others.    ","      Love.    ","      Boots were too wide for narrow foot.    ","      Love these! So comfortable. Never needed to break them in. Went on several hikes through mud and river crossings. Waterproof, comfortable, durable and super cute.    ","      I bought these to use as work boots at the orchard. I put them on for the first time Saturday morning, worked all day and my feet were comfy all day. I wish I had ordered 2 pair at the great price!    ","      This boot provides good ankle support and warmth.  However, I have flat feet and would have appreciated more arch support.  Provides enough room to wear thick hiking sox.    ","      They fit as expected, comfortable and slip resistant    ","      Absolutely love these boots! I've been traveling in the costa rican rainforest for several days and my feet stay dry. Didn't have to break them and there are so comfortable!    ","      I'm normally size 8.5 and went with a 9 which was perfect. I ordered some timberland boots originally but returned them because they weren't very comfortable.. these are so much better.    ","      The most comfortable shoes I've ever worn. Fits well, waterproof and very comfortable to wear for hours walking. Would buy again. Wish they came in black but the dark brown is good enough.    ","      They’re definitely comfortable and I didn’t have to worry about breaking them in! I love the dark brown color. Would definitely buy again    ","      Wore them straight out of the box. Walk 10 miles a day for work. They are awesome. Went half size bigger tho.    ","      Great shoe for camping &  hiking.Fits true to size.4 stars only because they arrive very stiff. Wear extra socks while breaking in to avoid blisters.    ","      Very light weight compared to other boots. Boot fit as expected.    ","      My 2nd pair. They hold up very well. I add insoles for extra support. I use them for work.    ","      I bought these because most of the reviews I read were positive. I have taken them out on different hikes and worn them around the house, and if I wear them for more than one hour my feet start to hurt. I have had multiple different hiking boots and I've put hundreds of miles on my Keens and  never once did any of the other boots I have owned hurt like these do. They also rub uncomfortably against my Achilles tendon, causing swelling. If these were already dirty, I would return them for a full refund. They are the worst pair of boots I have ever owned.    ","      Really, really bad blisters on the back of my heels. Break them in before hiking or you will regret it :(    ","      Fit perfectly after breaking them in. I flexed the toe box a few times and wore the shoes around the house for a few hours. Problem solved.    ","      7 was equal to 38 European so size down I guess!    ","      Boots are CRAZY STIFF which I was not really expecting but overall they're good. However, after 4 uses the front part of the sole unglued and water comes a little bit inside now.    ","      Right out of the box comfort! It doesn't happen often so this once 👍    ","      Amazing comfort.    ","      The boot seemed like a great fit until I did a real hilly hike and it isn’t designed adequately to keep the laces tight enough to support you when you are extending your ankles. I kept tying them and on rocks the sole isn’t thick enough to protect you for more than a couple miles.    ","      My favorite boot! This is my 3rd pair, 3rd color, and always quality product from Columbia!    ","      Everything was as expected. Very pleased.    ","      Super comfortable shoe and gets feet warm! Wore all day walking several days in a row    ","      I should have paid attention to the negative reviews.  I wore these for all of 20 steps in my home.* super painful*  the toe bed bends into a crease which digs into the top of your foot.I ordered two pairs of Columbia boots to try on, and both had the same design. How did they let these onto the sales floor?  So disappointing. I usually have so much faith in Columbia products.What happened?    ","      I love them they are sooo comfortable    ","      Worked great for hiking around Colorado    ","      I’m not really a hiking boot type of person so this was a perfect buy    ","      Great footwear❤️    ","      I was really hesitant to get my actual size 10 due to the fit.  After reading several reviews, I still had my doubts, but the shoe fits perfectly.    ","      Very comfortable and fits fine!    ","      The only reason I gave these boots 1 star is because I like the way they look. I bought these to wear for work where I’m on my feet all day. Never have I had a pair of shoes that hurt my feet so bad!! I might as well be standing barefoot on concrete all day for the amount of padding and support these boots provide. They’re absolutely awful!!! I’m actuaclly going to have to find other boots for work even though I just bought these a couple months ago. I’ve tried all kinds of insoles to try and make these work to no avail. Total waste of money.    ","      Fit well.  Bought them to hike in the hills.  I have to wear an orthotic in one shoe and it is quite comfortable in these shoes.    ","      Had to buy more support for shoes . only wore for 2 to 3 weeks.    ","      need to put insoles in it anyway  ,but it keeps my feet dry!  im putting them to the test of at least 3 miles a day.    ","      Great for the constant walking/hiking we did in Iceland! Literally wore these non-stop for a week. Felt great -- and I have terrible arches. Kinda wish they had them in brown when I ordered though    ","      Todo    ","      They fit so perfectly. I took these boots to Yosemite, Sequoia, and Joshua Tree and climbed many rocks and lakes and these did not fail me. I love these so much :)    ","      GOOD SHOE! GREAT LOOK!    ","      Love the feel and the look    ","      It's to hot but they are vary water proof like vary water proof    ","      nice hiking boots! Were very comfortable when I used them on a week long hiking trip to the mountains. Also they are waterproof!    ","      Great boots, great fit. I love them    ","      I had to return these, while I love the minimalist style the toe box was the least comfortable thing I've put my foot into in a long time. With each step the toe of the boot would crease into the top of my foot. I barely walked around my apartment once and was getting a hotspot already. Would not buy again.That said, I have high very high arches which may have caused some of the discomfort from the leather creasing.    ","      Great boot. Took it out as soon as I got it. Felt great and looked great. Love it. Would recommend it.    ","      These shoes are so comfy! I wore mine around campus for about two weeks to break them in. After this, my hiking has never been better! I love these boots!    ","      Great fit and comfortable. Wore it out to hike on snowy trails and it kept my feet dry & warm.    ","      My size runs between 8.5 and 9 in Womens. Bought size 9s and they're too roomy even with hiking socks. Good quality boot, just wish I would've bought 8.5s.    ","      Great hiking shoes.  I have been looking and trying on hiking shoes for 5 years.  Finally found the perfect shoe for me!    ","      I purchased these boots to wear to work- I am a gardener in a city park- most walking on asphalt or soil. Nothing that would qualify as rugged terrain.. and yet! After six months of regular wear these boots are totally destroyed- I can see my socks through the lining where the outer and inner have completely ripped and separated from the bottom of the shoe. The synthetic outer was the first to go, ripping at the toe box and then slowly across the entire boot.  I’ve never had this problem with timberlands, Merrill’s, doc martens, etc. SO disappointed with Columbia!    ","      Comfy perfect and just what I needed    ","      These are great boots! I love them.. would highly recommend them.    ","      Excelente se recomienda    ","      Love them. Don’t even need to break in. Extremely pleased    ","      Love these boots - I am on my third pair.  I walk a lot, so a pair lasts me about 18 - 20 months.  I use orthotics in them for greater arch support.    ","      These boots are extremely comfortable as well as supportive going up and down hills.    ","      Fit very well, nice looking.    ","      Amazing shoes! Cute and comfortable. Wore them every day in California and hiked multiple mountains, bluffs, and deserts!    ","      They are definitely water proof!    ","      haven't had them long enough to say I love them, but I think I do :)    ","      they fit perfectly, kept my feet warm and were attractive    ","      Very comfortable and waterproof. Used them for the first time during a 7 mile hike at Big Bear and they were great!    ","      Ich habe diesen Schuh für einen Wander-Urlaub in Schottland gekauft.Er war der einzige Schuh, der sehr stabil, robust und zugleich sehr leicht war.Selbst nach einem halben Jahr intensiver Benutzung \"lebt\" er immer noch. Ich bin begeistert.Würde ich mir auf jeden Fall noch einmal kaufen!Tipp: Wanderschuhe sollte man mindestens eine Schuhgröße größer bestellen!    ","      I haven't had the opportunity to actually wear these shoes hiking or camping, but they look great and felt nice in the sort periods I did wear them.    ","      Runs a little big if you're wearing regular socks but the extra room is great so you don't smash your toes on long walks    ","      Wore these brand new shoes hiking up over 6,500 feet above sea level in Zion National Park.  They were comfortable and worked out very well.  I am very satisfied.    ","      Used for heavy labor internship, worked perfectly and as expected.    ","      I'm very pleased with my boots    ","      Just a little bit heavier than I expected, but I guess that's all hiking shoes do?    ","      Normally an 8 or 8.5; ordered a 9 for room and they fit as expected. Unfortunately, I experienced the issue of the toebox folding inward/pressing down on my toe midstep, which I knew would leading to discomfort/blistering on a long hike. The build quality is otherwise very nice, but I returned these.    ","      I love them they look so cute and femenine! Great for nice hikking outfits and absolutely comfortable, water resistant... I want them in all colors!    ","      Happy with my purchase    ","      These  boots are awesome.  Comfortable and durable.  Perfect for going out for the day and you are unsure of what the weather will bring.    ","      They’re cute and comfortable! Just make sure you wear thick socks when you try breaking them in.    ","      These came a little bigger than I thought but still do able.  I've never had a hiking boot before and the toe is very stiff.. But again I'm only used to tennis shoes.    ","      Definitely need to be broken in before your first time use but still so comfy! I wear size 6 and they fit perfectly!    ","      It was great for my trip!    ","      Love these boots! My purchase of these boots resulted from other buyers positive reviews, which I appreciate. The boots fit wonderfully and provide excellent support. They feel sturdy and comfortable. Probably the best hiking boots I've ever owned.    ","      This shoe was true to size, accurate in color and just so perfect as a hiking shoe. I am very happy with my purchase.    ","      Really comfy! Love them    ","      Very comfortable and lightweight.  Wore all day on the first day.    ","      I they are waterproof and warm! I like the design and how it fit, and the lightness!! They are very light!The only downside is that the sole is slippery... I have to be very careful not to fall on my ass in rainy days!    ","      Me quedaron bien son muy comodos    ","      Para hacer deporte de montaña    ","      My 3rd pair they are awesome.  Gave one away and other pair I tossed because of extreme poison oak    ","      Fits comfortably used for hiking.    ","      Más de lo que esperaba, soy talla 27MX y la talla 10US me quedaron muy bien. Relación calidad - precio es perfecta. Muy cómodas desde el primer dia de que las ocupé.    ","      Love them. Fit as expected. Super comfy. Have been wearing them everyday since I bought them and did not need time to break them in. Fit like a glove    ","      Boots are very comfortable and easy to clean off mud! The color is darker than I expected however very neutral and dark shows less dirt as fast!    ","      I think i should be able to return these boots. They did not hold up. Within 6 months the leather separated from the soul. Amazon only gives one month to return. I thought Columbia  made better products . Very disappointed! These were amazon's choice, waterproof.  Fulfilled by amazon. Poorly made.    ","      These boots are extremely comfortable.  I thought I had to break them in, but they were so comfortable after wearing them all day.  Very light weight for boots and good support.    ","      Excellent product. My daughter loves it.    ","      Great boot, very comfortable and waterproof    ","      100% exactly size conform    ","      Extremely comfortable. Look and feel great    ","      They are waterproof,  sturdy, comfortable and have a pretty good look. I would definitely recommend buying these.    ","      Really like this boot, very sturdy!!    ","      Product was just as I expected    ","      Great support and cute color. Holds up very well.    ","      Comfortable and had dry feet.    ","      Good fit, keep water out .    ","      Boot really comfy superfast delivery great experience all around    ","      belle botte    ","      Very comfy and waterproof!    ","      They rub! Break these in BEFORE your expedition. I wore them for a 30minute hike and had several blisters :(    ","      Kept the melty snow out, just make sure wool socks are used for cold temps. Otherwise warm and comfortable for weather above, say.....40 degrees. Good traction, and I normally take a wide but my husband oredered 1/2 size up so that definitely made up for the normal width.    ","      After wearing out my first pair, I purchased the same boots again.  I have tried other hiking boots in the past, but these fit comfortably and are waterproof.  I can walk in the rain, mud or cold weather.    ","      Exactly what I needed and wanted.    ","      True to size.  Very comfortable    ","      Boot runs on the wide side.    ","      I’m in love with my boots!!...😍    ","      Comfortable and sturdy. Ankle support great.    ","      I liked them; they were not wide enough. Never had a chance to wear them.    ","      Perfectas, vienen amplias y son muy cómodas    ","      I love them so far! Haven't used them yet lol but they fit as expected and they seem great quality.    ","      Fits a little small, but eventually widens with use. Great hiking boots.    ","      I love this product. I tested it by stepping into all the cold water puddles I could find during a bad snow storm in Boston. It was really water proof. Have been using it for a few months now, its exactly what I wanted!    ","      Uncomfortable immediately on wear, arrived 2 days late as well. Reviews confirm, should’ve read more carefully    ","      I got my regular size, which was loose enough that I can wear thick socks or even add some insoles, but was fine without as well.    ","      Not great for warmth, but excellent for comfort and keeps my feet dry (needs to be periodically treated for continued water resistance.) Will buy again!    ","      Very comfortable and not heavy.    ","      Came in new condition, good support, and perfect fit    ","      These are most comfortable!  I'm very happy with my order!    ","      bought this for my wife and she absolutely loves it.  She's picky with shoes so I was a little hesitant of getting it but these are just solid!  definitely a good pair!    ","      I ordered them because I liked the previous pair and they lased a long time.    ","      The hiking boot is very comfortable and fits perfectly.  I would recommend this hiking boot to my friends.  I like it.    ","      I sent them back before Christmas    ","      Very comfortable. I needed ankle and arch support but wanted something lightweight and that is exacty what I got. These are perfect ..    ","      LOVE these boots!!  I have only worn cowboy boots for the past 18 years and needed something with tread for the mud.  They keep my feet warm and dry and are very comfortable.  Getting ready to order a \"back up\" pair.  Highly recommend!    ","      Me agrado,de muy buena calidad    ","      These are so comfortable, I can wear them all day.  I also like the way they look.    ","      Lightweight.  Used for work    ","      These are really comfortable and grip the rocks great which is what I was hoping for.  They were exactly as described.    ","      Really comfortable, even after long days on my feet. Now if they wouldn't come untied.    ","      confortable    ","      They are exactly what you see in the picture    ","      Fit well and incredibly comfortable    ","      Lo compre para un regalo, la bota viene un poco amplia pero se puede ajustar colocándole una plantilla extra, de ahí en fiera muy buenas y resistente    ","      Me encantaron, son muy cómodas, ligeras y resistentes    ","      Very sturdy and very comfortable    ","      I wore these shoes on a 4 day hiking trip, by the end of the first hour of hiking the stitching had already rubbed into the top of my big toes. The second day of hiking presented with massive blisters on my pinkie toes. I tried to break them in before the trip, but I was clearly unsuccessful. The overall quality of the shoe is good, but it is just too narrow and the stitching is a high rub zone.    ","      I love love this shoe!    ","      Awesome boots, sizing just right    ","      Lo que necesitaba mi esposa    ","      I only gave this product two stars because it was fairly comfortable out of the box, however after 1 hike, the tread is already starting to pull away!! The trail was 3 miles, my 5 year old did it, so it’s not like it was tough. Super disappointed, will look into better boots.    ","      I love these boots! Wore them through the ice and the traction is great. They're comfy and I love the look. Def recommend these!    ","      Bought these for our trip to The Black Forest in Germany. Perfectly waterproof; fit was spot-on. Wore these all day hiking through the forest and walking through the streets of town. Definitely would recommend.    ","      They were a little snug and somewhat hard    ","      Great shoe. Sister loves them    ","      Very comfy, waterproof boots! Fits as expected!!!    ","      The boot is beautiful and make your feet look great. The boot is made out soft leather and the bottom of boot has terrific grip , but sort like a slightly soft rubber bottom. They are also comfortable.    ","      Great hiking shoe. Hiked all of Havasu falls in both rain and dry weather. My socks stayed dried and no issues with sliding around the trail.    ","      Love the looks and feel of the boots. Only gave 4 stars because I haven't worn them on a trip yet    ","      Great boots love them good fit    ","      it was gift and she liked my gift    ","      the way they look.    ","      Love hiking and these boots are very comfy, true to size.Amazing for the $40 dollar price. Dicks & Bass Pro is selling the same shoe for $80.    ","      Comfortable, true to size, light weight yet sturdy. Wearing for work in horse arena got muddy cleaned up great.Light brushing shined with neatsfoot oil. Look new!    ","      I love these boots, they are very lightweight- lighter than some of my tennis shoes in fact. Highly recommend.    ","      I have just started hiking, and although I love Keens, couldn't justify the price for a beginner. These are great hiking boots, lightweight and very comfortable. The support is excellent. They wipe clean very easily and are very water resistant.    ","      So far, so good! Have weak ankles? Great ankle support! They're definitely water proof! I got stuck in a rainstorm and they held up! No squishy wet socks!!!    ","      This is my second pair of Columbia Hiking boots. I had my first pair since 2008. They finally wore out. This new pair fits as expected. They quite comfortable. I'm sure they will hold up as well as the first pair.    ","      Best purchase off the year.    ","      Fits as expected, some reviews say size up but I got 7.5 as a usual 7.5 and fits perfect! Very light and comfortable    ","      Great boots! Great price!    ","      My wife in love.    ","      Wear 8, purchased 9. I like shoes with wiggle room. Great looking and very comfy.    ","      Look great. A bit stiff to break in. A thin pad will help.    ","      These shoes are very light and have lots of toe room for thicker socks. I love them.    ","      Extremely comfortable boot. Light weight and not hard to walk in.    ","      These boots look great and feel great if you just stand still. The problem is whenever you walk and bend the boot the top of the toe box goes straight down and crushes your toes. I do not have fat feet and I do not have fat toes however the toe box hits my toes! I returned them.    ","      Perfect fit. Haven't worn them yet.    ","      Fabulosas!!    ","      Súper cómodas, ligeras, son true size, soy #4y me quedaron perfectas...las recomiendo    ","      The shoe is nice but it has a problem in the toes. When you walk the top of the boot crushes your toes, so I returned them    ","      I been wanting these shoes for quiet some time, and was finally able to buy them for this winter.    ","      Love. Super comfortable .    ","      Outstanding great boots    ","      Dropped a star for not being water proof.  If you  step in a puddle while crossing it you will be OK.  If you walk in wet grass for 2 hours your feet (and these boots and your socks) will be soaked through and through.    ","      I bought a previous pair of 9 or 9.5 Columbia boots but they were too tight. I haven't hiked in these yet, but they seem to fit perfectly, and I usually wear 9-9.5. This particular style has a great grip too.    ","      Perfect for my dayli use.    ","      Boots fit great and are very comfortable.    ","      Love them... Very comfortable    ","      A very comfortable fit    ","      Toe box was tight and punched my toes    ","      Fits greater than expected.    ","      Son perfectos y muy resistentes...me encantaron    ","      Like very much! Super cute!    ","      Built to last. I used them for trekking. They will also fit with thick socks. I don't have 5 more words    ","      I like it all.    ","      Bought these for my mother a few months ago, assumed I was buying a quality product and the entire side of one has separated from the sole rendering them unwearable. The boots are glued together, not stitched, and poorly at that. Definitely not worth the price.    ","      Using it from more than an year. No complaints till now. Still in perfect conditions.    ","      Very comfortable. Amazing!    ","      Love them. Comfy and sturdy    ","      Love the way they fit, true to size. Very comfy.    ","      They are very comfortable    ","      They fit fine but not much cushion! Won’t be good for 10 hour workday, but I’ll use them for off days!    ","      Love these! Very comfortable- I had no trouble breaking them in.    ","      I bought these with the intent of using them on a snow backpacking trip over the weekend. Well it did not snow, it rained. The trail was muddy and long. These boots passed the test on being waterproof and warm. Excellent grip and comfort.    ","      went hiking in snow. feet stayed nice and toasty! Did not get wet!! Awesome and comfortable!!    ","      Awesome hiking boot    ","      Fit well and comfortable.    ","      Comfortable,warm, not bulky.    ","      The 9 was a bit big so I ordered an 8.5 and they are perfect. Very comfortable boots!    ","      Takes a bit of time to wear them in and get them comfortable to your feet but otherwise thy are a great sturdy shoe and completely waterproof!    ","      I went hiking in North Carolina they were so comfortable great boot    ","      Loved these boots! Hiked over 20 miles in them in 3 days and no blisters or discomfort! I am in love!    ","      Comfortable and sturdy.    ","      Great hiking boots for the price .    ","      Es muy bonito el botín    ","      Cute and comfy!    ","      Love these boots!!  They fit well with a thick pair of hiking socks. Thank you for being so prompt in sending them.    ","      Love these hiking boots    ","      They are a little bully but provide good support and feel durable.    ","      wore them to my every single hikes since I got them almost 2 years ago. Love its durability, support, protection, and easy maintenance.And yes, they look good too.    ","      Great, comfortable boot!!    ","      You must break these in. Great support.    ","      Best boots ever    ","      Nice boot, but doesn't have a built in arch support.    ","      The boots were exactly as described.  Very comfortable.    ","      nothing fancy.  nice    ","      They’re cute and solid    ","      I got these for snow shoeing and they work great! Very comfortable and plenty warm. Good quality construction. Good boots!    ","      Best boots ever    ","      Great fit    ","      nice and comfortable    ","      It fit me perfect but The brand sign of the left shoes it’s a the wrong side! 😑 see pictures    ","      Great and supportive hiking boots.    ","      Size fits great but definitely slip a lot more than expected even after all the reviews on it    ","      Great purchase    ","      Fit great and very comfortable. Would definitely buy again.    ","      They fit like a glove and are very comfortable    ","      Love love love    ","      I wore these during a trip to Switzerland for a glacier walk. They were extremely comfortable. I didn't break them in prior, and had no issues.    ","      When I flex my foot there is a deep uncomfortable crease that presses into my toes.  Would be way too uncomfortable in the terrain I hike, but would be fine in the city or on relatively flat terrain.    ","      Nanasn    ","      Muy cómodos, medida perfecta y prácticos para el trabajo cotidiano    ","      I liked this boot well enough but it ran tight on length and width. Too tight even after I had them on inside and walked around.    ","      These shoes run small.  I always fit into a size 5 but not with these shoes.  I re-ordered for a size 6 which gives me room for socks as well as a little wiggle room for hiking.    ","      Comfortable and true to size. Great price compared to other websites/stores.    ","      Small    ","      I ordered a size 9 and wore them around for part of the day only to discover that my toes were being pinched on the top by a crease in the toe area caused by walking. Was painful and had to return them. They either made too much material in the from of the boot or the material is not thick enough to prevent the level of creasing that ocurred. Would not recommend this boot. Also went to Dick’s sporting goods and tried on an 8.5 and experienced the same issue. Great look but poor execution.    ","      Very comfy and cute.    ","      This is a great hiking shoe/boot. Love it. Sturdy and waterproof yet comfortable.    ","      I ordered a half size larger than what I normally wear to accommodate thicker socks, but they still cut off circulation to my feet. Felt like they were falling asleep. They seem sturdy, dry and warm, but take note of the warnings in other reviews about the crease hitting your toes. It’s a killer!  Disappointed. Definitely returning.    ","      Hiking in Sedona    ","      These are fantastic    ","      I take a size 11 but ordered a 12 so that I could wear heavy socks with them..  They are good in the length, but too narrow even for medium weight socks.  I don't have a wide foot.  Also, another review mentioned it being uncomfortable when you walk because they crease across the top of your foot.  I found that to be true also. I have a pair of winter Columbia boots in size 11 and they are fine.  I guess these just run narrow.    ","      Size is true! Very nice boots. Wearing them tomorrow for first day at work.    ","      fit good right out of the box    ","      Well made    ","      My husband bought these for me and I absolutely love them. I wanted something sturdy yet comfortable, and I got exactly that! I am so pleased with these boots and would recommend them to anyone. Happy, Happy, Happy :)    ","      Love the boots.    ","      Like the fit    ","      I have wide feet, fortunately these boots give, I will keep & use them for hiking. they are also comfortable.    ","      oh my god....shoes    ","      These shoes run big and wide. When I walked on them it folds and  it hurts the top of my toes. It was not attractive to me, too bulk. I return it.    ","      I wish I could give a good review, but I had a terrible experience, I received this item and the shoes were worn. They arrived dirty, scratched very much used. Totally unacceptable. The shoes are expensive and to receive them in that condition is terrivke. That is why I give this a bad review.    ","      Great hiking/ work boots, feel a little narrow but not uncomfortable.    ","      I don’t think it will hold up. Looks cheap.    ","      I wear a size 6 shoe usually and I bought 6.5. It fit well and is very comfortable. I would advise to buy half size up. Shoes are very comfortable to wear, I am sure it will be very good for hiking. But it did not hold up well in snow. My feet were cold and wet in just 15 minutes of walking in snow which was my sole purpose of buying them. I would not recommend them for walking on snow. I would have returned them if it wasn't too late.    ","      First time buying hiking boots they are a little big but with wool socks im sure they will fit nice.  Exactly what i expected in quality.    ","      Love there boots!    ","      Perfect fit!    ","      Like these and have received a couple of complements already! Very light weight too!    ","      Great productFits well    ","      Would be a great comfortable boot if it didn't massacre my big toe.  It's not that the toe box is small, seems like the material doesn't have any give to it so every time I take a step the top creases and crushes my toe.    ","      Smaller then the last pair I wore.  Seems they are making these not as wide as they used to be.    ","      Perfect fit    ","      Excelentes botas para senderismo, seguras, Cómoda y te mantienen seco. Me encantaron    ","      Went hiking in Oregon and Washington through rain and snow with these. Held up great and kept my feet dry    ","      They fit a little small but they stretch as you break them in. I've owned several pairs for work and they are an amazing deal!    ","      Wore this on an 8 hour hike, it started hurting my toes only after a couple hours and I also got blisters on the back of my feet. I wouldn't recommend these boots to anyone with slightly wide feet and I would wear higher socks than ankle socks. The good side of this was that it definitely had good grips, I didn't slip at all walking on rocks.    ","      Style    ","      They get scruffy looking pretty fast but so far they feel really good and serve my purpose on a hike.    ","      Love these!!    ","      Love these boots. Very comfortable. I wear a 7 shoe but purchased 7 1/2 boots. Just right with socks.    ","      Excelente tabla de medidas    ","      Like!    ","      This is a very attractive and sturdy shoe, but there is a flaw in the toe box area. The top of the shoe creases and digs into the toes with every step.  I attempted to wear these shoes for a 10-mile hike, but had to stop and turn back within a mile because the constant digging from the toe crease. It rubbed the skin off the tops of my toes! Ouch! I had high hopes for these shoes, but my little piggies said no.    ","      Love these for my winter walks. This is the second pair I bought. The first ones lasted about 2 walking seasons. I walk approx. 3-5 miles a day.    ","      Very comfortable for walking around Alaska!    ","      Too big.    ","      Excelentes muy cómodos    ","      Extremely lightweight. Have not worn them yet, but can't wait to test the waterproofness of these boots!    ","      They were fine overall, but cut across the top of my toes with each step really painfully. Had to return them.    ","      Muy buenas zapatillas.    ","      Work    ","      Out of all of the boots, sneakers anything, I have never had a pair of boots fit me so comfortably.  They are easy to care for and have thus far held up through the storm.    ","      Very comfortable    ","      The size of the boots were as they should be but the tow is very narrow inside and the insole very hard. Tried them on quite a few hikes now and ended up with really bad blisters.    ","      These boots are great fit to size wore then in bad weather in NY and they keep my feet warm and dry. Glad I Bought them and for the price I paid amazing thank u columbia..    ","      i got these for my wife. she is not an experienced hiker, but she treked 8.5 miles, with a lot of ups and down, and she had 0 blisters. i would recommend these.    ","      Buen material resiste al abuso del terreno.Recomendado    ","      Great fit and support. Didn't need to break them in, did back-to-back 5 mile and 12 mile hikes over the weekend and shoes remained comfortable and my feet blister free. Lightweight and look nice.    ","      Fits good    ","      Got the 7.5 and it’s very narrow. Need to get wide so a tad disappointed.    ","      This is my 2nd pair. Same size, same color... After 2-3 maybe more winters, I plain wore them out. I'm a mail carrier.....they get used! Wore the tread off in spots on bottom... Lightweight & warm..    ","      I love them. I had been disappointed in my shoe purchases lately from my regular brands. Not this one!  They are comfortable, sturdy, and others liked the style of the boot, too    ","      Excellent product excellent price    ","      Love them.    ","      Great shoes    ","      The comfort level of these boots is incredible. Barely needed any breaking in, and the water proof quality is amazing. Slippery trails are no problem! Columbia is forever reliable.    ","      These are not comfortable due to the ankles rubbing so badly. Have worn them a few times and they're not even close to being broken in. Have had to take them off during hikes because of this. Stock up on extra socks and band aids for when you wear these.    ","      The toe crease rub is real!  I took a chance on these hooping the toe crease issue would not be a problem...but it was.  Sizing was good and appearance nice, but the toe crease rub hurt within 1 minute if walking in them.  Returned this product.    ","      Everyone said to size up and they’re wrong. Don’t size up, order your normal size or they will be too big. I don’t know why people said to size up. Absolutely don’t listen.    ","      I bought these again because I love how my feet feel when I hike in them.    ","      good.    ","      Comfortable, lightweight, I used size chart for good a fit.    ","      Very comfortable    ","      I PURCHASED THESE BOOTS  Ordered on November 16, 2020.  IN MARCH A PIECE OF THE BOTTOM SOLE TORE SO I TRIED TO RETURN/EXCHANGE BECAUSE I REALLY LIKED THEM  AMAZON WILL NOT TAKE ANY RETURNS AFATER 34 DAYS AND COLUMBIA WILL NOT WARRANTY ANY PRODUCTS NOT PURCHASED DIRECTLY FROM THEM.  BEYOND FRUSTRATING.  LESSON LEARNED    ","      Listen to the other reviewers here and dont waste your time like I did. They really do crease over the top of the toes and it cuts like a knife. These are useless so they are going back. Shame because they are super cute!    ","      Great boots    ","      These are great boots. Kept my feet warm and dry.    ","      I really wanted to love these for hiking! Seemed like a great value for a multipurpose hiking boot. I'm normally a size 9 and ordered size 9; they fit length and width, but I experienced the mid-toe area pinching other reviewers noted. I ordered a size up... 9 1/2 and the issue actually became worse.    ","      Es fiel a su talla, son cómodas y muy buena calidad    ","      Too tight around the toe box. Started to get uncomfortable after a few minutes of walking.    ","      I had previously purchased these same type of boots in the past and they are very comfortable and I wear them to work every day.    ","      wonderful.... don't waste your time on other product these are great    ","      Good product, just order one size bigger and you ll be fine    ","      Use for mowing and yard work.    ","      Cute    ","      This is the narrowest size 11 boot I have ever tried on--it was super-painful on my foot for the 30 seconds I had it on.  I have had Columbia boots which fit me perfectly but not this one!  It also appears to be made mostly of manmade synthetic stuff NOT leather (except in tiny patches), unless the leather is coated with synthetic.  Cheaply made and ill-fitting--I expected far better from Columbia!    ","      Fits great    ","      Love!!!    ","      They pinch at the toe. So glad I brought another pair of shoes with me. Every time I’d take a step, it’d pinch my toes where all of our feet bend. Returned right away. So sad because I had high hopes.    ","      Great boots.    ","      This is a good boot.  It is durable and sturdy.  It fits true to size with enough room for a light sock.  It is also good looking.    ","      HAvent been hiking yet but been wearing on walks and very good.    ","      Not worth the money. Shoes are tearing from the sides and I've only had them for a little over a month.    ","      I ordered a size 7 and found the toe box to be very tight w/ lightweight wool socks. The shoe is very stiff but fairly lightweight.  However, it felt like it would take a while to break them in.    ","      waking    ","      Loved these shoes    ","      I like everything. No complaints    ","      Exactly as described. Very comfortable with great traction    ","      Used them on my recent vacation in the Smokies. Very comfortable.    ","      These have held up well. Pretty waterproof.    ","      Love them. Comfortable, dry and durable.    ","      Un poquito grande    ","      I didn't get the same boot in the picture. I'm a bit disappointed as I've been trying hard to find a good boot for work that will get me through winter.    ","      Fits well exactly as described.    ","      Absolutely love these boots.  They fit as expected and really hold up over time. I would definitely get them again!    ","      I purchased these boots for my husband cuz he’s in construction & he really loves his boots but just a hair under three months the soul has ripped off    ","      Comfortable    ","      Very good    ","      Lightweight and cushioned.    ","      Like    ","      Nice    ","      This boot looked great. It fit great. However, I only took a few steps in them before knowing that they weren’t going to work. The toe box comes with a ridge that bends when you walk. The bend pushes against your toes. It was uncomfortable just walking around, but it would be asking for blisters and foot damage if I used them on a hike. Had to return them. I expected more from a brand like Columbia.    ","      Bought for my daughter she loves them    ","      they are very comfortable    ","      Comfortable.    ","      Ok    ","      I walked all Perú with them. Did hikes, sight seeing, looong trekking and they worked perfectly!    ","      I wanted to like these boots. They were my first hiking boots. They seemed fine, but after 4-5 days of hiking, I have one tow nail that is about to fall off (index toe on left foot) and a blister on another toe (ring finger toe on left foot). The one thing I liked about them was they made my foot look small. I wear a 10. Had to return. Now a little scared to order another hiking boot.    ","      Good    ","      Very comfortable boot! Great quality.    ","      Just what expected    ","      They are water proof and light.    ","      I had to return it twice because the sizing was all wrong. I’m a size 6, but both 6 and 5.5 was way too big. The 5 finally fit but the shoe is built terribly - so uncomfortable, especially at the toes.    ","      Cute    ","      I love these boots. Can’t wait to try them out in South Africa.    ","      I love these boots. They keep my feet dry and warm. I wear them 11 to 12 hours a day.    ","      Excelente! Medida exacta y en muy buenas condiciones, recomendado!    ","      Muy buenas botas para caminar y hacer hike.  Son muy cómodas y además se ven muy bien.  Sirven para escalar, caminar y resistentes al agua.    ","      Comfortable and true to size. A bit heavy for long hikes.    ","      Great fit    ","      Like    ","      LOVE THEM!!!I am so glad that I splurged for myself and got myself these boots. The are, oh, so comfy! I am looking forward to ordering other colors.    ","      Did well in Peru    ","      Me gustaron justo lo q buscaba    ","      I have bought this boot for me and my wife to use it in a 0 degree C (32 F) and to walk on snow. I liked the boot, since it keep our feet warmed.    ","      I love the look and color of these, but the fit is horrible! The toe area is not made right. It may be on some boots, but I tried to order 2 pair thinking the second pair would be okay. The left one fit okay on the first pair I ordered, but the right was bad. The toe area was bad on both of them on the second order. It pushes on your toes when walking and is very uncomfortable. I love the Columbia style and colors though. I'm gonna try the meshy looking boots :)).    ","      Cheap    ","      Good support for a hike    ","      Perfect fit!!!  Good looking shoe!!!    ","      good for my flat feet    ","      I was pleasantly surprised ordering these online, sight unseen.  They fit perfect to size and were comfortable from the moment I put them on my feet.  I would absolutely recommend these!    ","      They are very comfy and very cute! Most hiking boots are unsightly, but these are solid without feeling clunky. I've used them for hiking as well as just walking around town.    ","      Very comfortable for camping and hiking. Worth the price!    ","      I have to say that for hiking boots they are really light but that's where my compliments end.  Granted, I know that my foot is a bit wide but I couldn't even get my foot into this shoe it was sooooo narrow.  And then I was wondering what the material of these shoes really were.  Per the description they are suppose to be leather but I really have to question that, pleather maybe???    ","      Good product    ","      Wore these on several long hiking trips in the mountains.  It is a sturdy hiking boot but makes a few sore spots if you wear it for long excursions.    ","      These came fast. very nice and sturdy to wear. Went fishing and they kept my feet warm. Good grip on ice and also very flexible. Did not feel like the usual stiff shoe.    ","      I really wanted to like these boots. I absolutely love the way that they look. Unfortunately that's the only good thing I can say about them. I wore them for less than a mile walk with my dog and within the first few steps I was already beginning to feel blisters starting. The front toe area of the shoe bends inward with each step and rubbed the top of my big toe raw. I even had two pairs of thick socks on. I will say the return process was extremely easy and quick. But I would not have bought these in the first place had I known how flawed the design was.    ","      Great hiking no boot! Great deal! Comfortable and ankle support I needed!    ","      Loved them at first however 4 mo later and they are falling apart. I think for the price they should last longer. Then 4 months.    ","      Love this boots    ","      My son girlfriend loves the way it fits, and for sure it is worth the money.Would buy again.    ","      Good    ","      Super comfortable feel like tennis shoes    ","      Thank you for fast delivery!    ","      I was disappointed to find out other reviewers were right about an issue with the toe box.  With every step, the middle of the top of the boot bends in to bump against your toe.  It was annoying on a test walk around my kitchen, and I can't imagine how bad it would be on an actual hike.    ","      It took my wife a little time to get used to them but now she loves them.    ","      Very good boot and comfortable    ","      Good hiking boots.    ","      Fit as expected, Hugh quality, durable.    ","      Las tallas vienen perfectas. Las botas son muy bonitas y cómodas. No pesan nada y son las mejores para caminatas.    ","      very good!    ","      They are what I wanted!    ","      Love these! They were comfortable from the start and give great support for walking.    ","      Daughter loves them!    ","      Excelente calidad, precio , son ligeras . Impermeables.  Cómodos    ","      Love them    ","      I really liked the look of the shoes, unfortunately it was not the same as wearing it. I tried it on as soon as I got it and sent it back the same day. The shoes does pinch your toes as you walk. Maybe it needed softer material as it really presses down as it bends in the front. Pretty disappointing.    ","      It looks good and fits good.    ","      Purchased for my wife, she says they are the most comfortable boots she ever had.    ","      These are my new rain boots. Keeps my feet dry on rainy days. Very comfortable! Very stylish!    ","      Plastic uppers. Don't not look or feel like leather.Shame on you Columbia. You are an American company. Make your product in AMERCIA    ","      most comfortable shoes ever! I was worried i wouldnt like the grey but they go with a lot and i'm glad to have them.    ","      Excelent    ","      Happy    ","      I thought by reading the reviews, I would be happy with my choice. I work outside. Today was the first day it rained. My feet are soaked. My feet where wet within 10 minutes. Worse boots i have ever bought. And I buy a lot of boots. Super disappointing. If you wear these in the rain your feet WILL BE WET.    ","      Boots fit well, usually wear a size 8.5, bought 8.5 feel true to size.  Only wore them a couple of times so far but they are comfortable.    ","      gave me blisters    ","      Mi esposa quedo encantada de la comodidad,el ajuste, el agarre al piso, el material. 100% recomendable.    ","      De buena calidad excelente para caminar en campo abierto    ","      😊    ","      Bought these for my wife for a trip to Alaska and she loved them. Fit and comfort are superb according to her and they kept her feet warm and dry as expected.    ","      Loved these so much I bought my Mother a pair for Christmas!    ","      The shoes are sold as waterproof.  I am in the park daily, quite often walking on wet grass.  Water seeps into the boot seam between the rubber sole and soft material covering the top of the foot. I have had these boots for less than a full year and they have not held up well.    ","      I love them    ","      Love these boots. I need to use my orthotics and they work perfectly.    ","      I have very high arches so I always add arch supports.  Very sturdy and water tight with excellent treads for winter.    ","      I wish I could give this less than one star. It fit as expected, so I went on a 3 mile hike to break them in. I was a bit worried but figured I would just need slightly thicker socks. Then I went on a 10 mile hike with thicker socks and they rubbed the back of my heels raw and caused a blister on the top of my foot near my toe. My arches hurt too. I thought these were good enough quality that I could wear them on long hikes, but I'm in so much pain that this is clearly not the case.    ","      Received boot and found that one of the boots had a huge lump under the sole near the ball of my foot.  Loved the boot so I returned the damaged boots asking for another pair.  Received the second pair and one of the boots had the toe are of the sole rolled under and stuck/glued in place.  Returning second pair will not try a third time.    ","      I love these boots!    ","      Como y muy ligero    ","      Reasonable price and nice boot.    ","      Great    ","      Muy buenas botas súper cómodas pedí la misma talla que uso en tenis y me quedaron súper bien si las recomiendo    ","      Great boots. Fits as expected.    ","      I would recommend this product.    ","      It fits just as I expected    ","      They fell apart within 4 days of wearing them. I bought them for a hiking trip to Glacier. We did moderate, relatively flat hikes. After the 3rd day I noticed the rubber on the toe was separating from the shoe. I thought maybe I just tripped and it was my fault. Then I noticed he sides were coming apart from the shoes. Ridiculous. I am so disappointed in columbia.    ","      Great quality    ","      Great product. Great fit. Great price    ","      Worst shoes ever. They feel so uncomfortable and they feel like plastic. I am very disappointed since I thought they would be worth the price but felt like a scam.Do not buy them unless you want to have shoes that you will not use.    ","      Will enjoy hiking in these. Walked around home with them on, just to break them in a little. They are lite in weight and comfortable to wear.    ","      Por comodos    ","      Was looking for nice boot in a women size and style I really like this boot got nice compliments thanks amazon    ","      I bought the shoes to resist the cold condition and snow ground. The shoes are very water-proof but can't  protect from cold. Anyway, they meets my demand.    ","      I wear a size 9 and these are about a size 81/2 easy.    ","      Loved the fit    ","      They quality does not appear to be there.  I specifically ordered from Anazon (vendor) due to reviews of fakes and poor quality.  I checked Colombias site which shows their emblem on the back of the shoe along with other sites.  I believe these are fakes. The inside feels \"light\" like your walking on once layer of shoe with little to no insole.    ","      Me encantaron son muy cómodos para trabajar    ","      Para mi todo bien    ","      UN BUEN Y CÓMODO ARTICULO    ","      good    ","      Foot part fit ok but tongue and collar were too high, rubbed on my ankle.    ","      These are my 3rd pair of Columbia boots. Awesome fit and feel.    ","      Look and fit great    ","      I love my new shoes. They fit perfectly and were so comfortable even the first time I wore them. They are warm and look great. So happy with these shoes.    ","      hiked 3 miles in them the first time I wore them.  Very comfortable and great arch support!    ","      hiked up a 14er in these and my feet felt fine at the end of the day! most comfortable hiking boot I've ever worn!    ","      Good shoes    ","      Very heavy and not very comfortable.  Could not see making a long hike in these boots.  They were returned.    ","      I got these initially and loved them. unfortunately, after walking for a bit i noticed that as my toes bent in my stride the top of the shoe would bend and press down on my toes. After a short while i had to go back home and change because my feet hurt so much. They look great and the support is there, but the comfort is not. I hope that they will fit better for you guys.    ","      Buen producto    ","      Excelentes solo me habría gustado un poquito más acochinado el talón pero no decía que así fueran.    ","      Muy comodas!!  Resisten el agua, pero cuando las tuve que meter por completo, se secaron rápido.    ","      Too small in size, not true to ratings and quality is average, expensive for the type of quality it is.Stiff and not really good quality    ","      Swift delivery, no break-in time, comfortable all around great shoes for hiking around in Colorado. She loves them.    ","      Waterproof for sure! Kept my feet warm in negative temps!    ","      Excellent quality boots    ","      I love my boots, are water resistant and light weight    ","      These were supposed to last a long time and they are ripping from the sides, im really disappointed I thought i would at least have them for a while at least a year, I also noticed early on that if i happened to step in a puddle the water would go in my shoe and wet my socks    ","      I love this shoes! They were perfect for my hiking trip to The Grand Canyon in Arizona!    ","      I love the look of these boots and they were comfortable when I put them on. The first step I took changed my mind. The boot bends on the top of my foot, very uncomfortable. I wanted to live these boots, but they’re going back.    ","      They were great for a couple months, but the bottom sole started coming apart from the top. They fell apart pretty fast.    ","      so far so good!!! fast delivery, alittle discomfort as with any new shoe, great product! thanks aMazon!!!    ","      Great shoe!    ","      Not bad in the comfort department. Some what tight fit but it gave me the support I needed for walking I long period of time.    ","      Perfect fit!    ","      I am very happy with my boots! I spent some time hiking RMNP in Colorado and they were fantastic. I have no complants! Highly recommend!    ","      I bought these for hiking the grand canyon. This past week was miserable in these boots. Rocks somehow kept entering the boot. Very minimal traction. The soles were weak, I felt every footstep, no cushion. Highly disappointed my return window is closed.    ","      Haven't tried them yet but they are nice, well made boots.    ","      Perfect fit.  Very comfortable for outdoor hiking.    ","      Very sturdy and comfortable hiking shoe.    ","      Fit and finish was excellent very comfortable shoes    ","      good    ","      Great    ","      I should have paid attention to the negative reviews. The pair I just bought has the bending-ridge-into-toe issue that a few others reported, only on the right boot. The left boot is fine. The problem was immediately noticeably when walking around the room and I am sure would become painful hiking. I will be returning the pair.    ","      Nice boot, but it runs narrow.  Also, every time you take a step the front creases and digs into the top of your foot.  I tried two different sizes (my normal size 8 and then 8.5) and the crease happened both times.    ","      Love these boots!  I got them a few days ago and they fit well with no break in period. I'm very happy with this purchase.    ","      The most comfortable hiking boots I’ve ever owned!    ","      Amazing pair of booths.    ","      Great shoes, versatile and good coloring.    ","      Great hiking boots! Comfortable and supportive foe long hikes. Plus these are not difficult to clean.    ","      I wanted to love these but the weird toe box caused instant pain. I tried two sizes and it happened with both.    ","      Feels great! Very comfortable!    ","      Wife loves them and I have the matching Men's pair which are also great    ","      Had high hopes for these boots because of all the high reviews. However, every time I took a step the bend of the boot would pinch my toes. I went to REI and invested in some Vasque boots that I am very happy with.    ","      Me llegaron super rápido, la talla fue la que pedí y además son muy bonitas. Super recomendadas.    ","      Love them    ","      Bought these for hiking in the white mountains....they fit perfect....true to size...great traction even on wet rocks....my feet felt great after...and NO new boot blisters :-) buy them...you will luv them    ","      Love these boots comfy, waterproof, durable! I am a landscaper, and I think I have finally found a boot that will stand up to the rigors of abuse!    ","      I bought these for my wife and here's what she sad.....\"I like the product because it is a good fit, they're comfortable and they definitely met my expectations. Highly recommend\".    ","      Worn them twice now and I love the fit and support of the high sides. Also great at keeping the water out!    ","      I ordered 1/2 size larger than my Timberland's, and the boots are uncomfortable.  Not true to size.    ","      Very narrow, but had good cushion in the heel    ","      Perfect shoes! Fit as expected! Thank you    ","      I bought these for a hiking trip and I couldn't believe how light and comfy they are when I received them. I can't wait for all the adventure!    ","      I've only had them a month and they're already falling apart. This really bummed me out. I had my other boots exact type as these for 3 years before they started to fall apart. Also, they are not waterproof. I just missed my return window. Very disappointed in the craftsmanship will not buy againUpdate: it's not been 5 months of owning this boot and the entire side just blew out on them. Do yourself a favor and go with a different boot    ","      Comfortable and light-weight boots. I like them very much.    ","      Great hiking boot. Waterproof, leather, comfortable, easy to clean, heavy duty. What more to ask for?    ","      They are sturdy, well-made and with some care and attention they will last for a very long time making it well worth the money,but a little narrow than expected    ","      Love these.  Lately we've been getting a lot of snow and ice and these are great.  Nice traction and keep my feet warm.    ","      Very comfortable    ","      Gave these as a gift and the recipient loves them. Fit was right on and comfortable enough to wear all day    ","      Comfortable and light    ","      My toes get wet. It was supposed to be water proof.    ","      Didn’t even have them for a week and the lace holder popped off otherwise very comfortable    ","      I got these shoes for hiking with my grandchildren in Colorado. I love the feel as soon as I put them on.    ","      perfect fit, very comfortable, can't wait to try them out!    ","      I read the suggestions and sized up and they fit great!    ","      Perfect    ","      Great fit right out the box. True to size and no break in necessary. They are ready to hike in right away. Nice boot!    ","      I love the feel of these boots since they are warm. They also are comfortable to wear without hurting my feet.    ","      Very light weight, comfortable , they seem like they will wear well.    ","      I would have prefer it to be size 10 wide    ","      Comfortable, never had a blister, light and very good support.    ","        Legit!  ","      Toe crease problem is real. Within just a few steps I felt the boot hitting the top of my toe. Very painful. Will be returning, which is sad because they are cute for a hiking boot.    ","      Love the boots !!! I'm a big hiker and live in Colorado so to have these boots just make me so happy!    ","      my girlfriend love it    ","      Me encantaron estas botas, son ligeras y muy cómodas además de ser estéticas pues son muy bonitas    ","      Comfortable right out of the  box, super light weight!  Will buy again.    ","      Returning    ","      Hiking in Montana for two days in these boots.  No blisters,  no water leakage!    ","      This is my 2nd pair. Comfortable all-day wear.    ","      Fits well, comfortable & lightweight    ","      Perfectas    ","      Fit perfect. They are great for walking.    ","      Unlike Merrell boots that do NOT fit true to size, these Columbia's do. Love the color, and the fit. I have very narrow feet and these weren't too wide or boxy.    ","      Needs a break-in period.  Boots are a bit stiff, but will probably relax eventually.  After first wearing the balls of my feet hurt a bit.    ","      Great boots    ","      returned with no problem at all.    ","      They where cute but way too big.  Traction was Amazing.  Only thing I can tell honestly is Order at least a size down.    ","      great just what I was looking for,    ","      This is an  amazing pair of shoes-fit is excellent comfort is fabulous and they are so perfect for everyday wear.  I will reorder these shoes in future.    ","      Lightweight, cute, hiking boots    ","      Great shoes    ","      They fit perfectly,  and are lightweight but durable.  They are perfect for my work guiding hikes.    ","      Dog made me fall in a creek and I didn't get wet. Love these!    ","      Love them    ","      Comfortable boots    ","      Fits nice. Always a good fit with Columbia.    ","      Love this for hiking all year round.    ","      Since it was ordered by mail , I was a little worried it wont fit .I enjoyed them through our hiking in north greece    ","      I like how it looks and feel. Very happy with my purchase.    ","      fit somewhat small...    ","      Great all around hiking boots. I wear them for both on and off trail hikes. No trouble breaking them in and very comfortable.    ","      Me encantaron, son justo lo que necesitaba.La talla me ajusto genial de acuerdo a la tabla de tamaños.    ","      Finally Found The Perfect Hiking Boot.    ","      It doesn't have enough ankle support but otherwise is comfortable .It is waterproof. It doesn't need breaking in  to wear it .    ","      I love my new hiking boots.    ","      Great shoes.    ","      Tal como esperaba.    ","      Wife says fit great    ","      Love    ","      Love these boots!    ","      Love these hiking boots!!! I can wear them all day with no pain, and they keep my feet warm and dry!!! Thank you    ","      Very comfortable    ","      ready to kick ass!    ","      Love these shoes.  Comfortable and lightweight. Little bit of rubbing on the back of my heel but that should ease up once they get broke in.    ","      Perfectos    ","      Love them!!    ","      jerry just forget it    ","      THey are very sharp and fit well    ","      Good    ","      Disappointed.  Even with heavy hiking socks, these were too big in the size I normally wear.    ","      One of the boots has a security tag onVery unhappy with this issue    ","      You need to get half size bigger    ","      I love these! They're very comfortable.    ","      These boots are a little heavier than I expected, but all around, I think they are what I wanted and needed.    ","      good    ","      These shoes are extremely comfortable    ","      These are my \"go to\" boots for everyday winter days!!  They're so comfortable and light weight!One of my better purchases.......    ","      Great boots. A little snug but some boots are cut smaller than others.    ","      Very comfortable    ","      I love it    ","      👍    ","      Very comfortable and durable    ","      I love these shoes. I spent weekend walking. The shoes look great with jeans, plus are so comfortable.  So glad I purchased.    ","      LOVE, LOVE, LOVE these boots! I highly recommend to anyone looking to buy some hiking boots.    ","      It's so comfortable and I love it. It just runs little small,so go up a half size will be perfect    ","      Best hiking boots ever!    ","      Rubbed the top of my big toes when I walked. So much so my skin was rubbed off!  Right where the shoe bends/creases. I thought maybe they just needed to be broken in but there was no way I could keep wearing them. Nice boots otherwise, to bad, I had to send them back.    ","      good boots. comfortable and keep your feet dry    ","      Muy comodas    ","      Lovely, comfortable , sturdy :)    ","      These boots are great. My daughter went on a week long science trip and had only worn them once before that. She said they were very comfortable, warm and dry.    ","      Great hiking boots. Fit comfortably and truly are water resistant.    ","      Fit perfectly, couldn't be happier! Thank you!    ","      I wanted these to work. They look great, but they pinched my toes severely.  I tried both an 8 (my size) and an 8 1/2. I tried different socks thicknesses . I still ended up with bruises.    ","      Very comfortable and seems to hug your foot but gives you a roomy feel in the toe area.    ","      This is one of the best pair of boots I have ever had, and have worn boots all my life, and I am 74!    ","      awesome hikers light weight sturdy great price    ","      Rather narrow and stiff    ","      Just the hiking boot that I want, comfy, protective. Cool!    ","      Fit great, good waterproofing. Still going strong after 2.5 years    ","      Perfect fit I love them!    ","      Comfortable, lightweight, and good-looking.  Highly recommend.    ","      Pequeñas    ","      The toe box issue is real. Don't ignore the reviews like I did. :(    ","      A la medida, todo excelente    ","      Fit great! Durable    ","      Very comfortable. Fits well. Keeps warm.    ","      nice shoes. very comfortable and perfect for hiking. The quality is excellent.    ","      Super lightweight but still seems nice and durable. I got them for a great price!    ","      My girlfriend loved them!    ","      They aren't meant for climbing, they grip isn't all that good. They chaff your ankles. At first I thought it was because they have high ankles, so I wore high socks, but it still didn't work. I had the worst blisters after a single hike about 5 miles long. Not a good buy.    ","      Love these. Same as the ones I saw at Dick's for less.    ","      Great Boot! Light weight, waterproof comfortable    ","      very nice grip. good for wide feet.    ","      I am very pleased with these hiking boots.  Sizing is good,  Fit is comfortable. They are waterproof and an all around nice boot.    ","      I returned these because the rubber part on the toe rubs on your toes when you bend your foot . Which I was kinda expecting from all the other reviews . I definitely didn't hesitate to return them . No way walking in these are comfortable    ","      Bought for my wife. The fit was perfect. She loves them.    ","      Like everyone else I had the same problem with that crease that forms right above toes only on one shoe and it hurt bad, can't imagine having to put up with that for hours it would be torture. Sent right back    ","      I love everything about these boots, warm, dry and comfortable. There are great for working around our cabin. I have feet problems and they have not hurt my feet yet.    ","      comfortable from day one.    ","      Great shoes    ","      nice    ","      Comfortable, waterproof as advertised.    ","      These boots in my regular size hit the top of my foot where they creased. I thought the leather would stretch over time. Now after using for a few months will have to throw away. :(    ","      The best boots for snow and clod weather I have ever owned. Comfortable and warm, they also work great when I have to put cleats on for icy conditions.    ","      I love the design, but it isn't comfortable and the crease kept rubbing against the nail of my big toe. It killed my feet.    ","      I ordered these new, but I received a used pair.    ","      Boot larger than expected.    ","      I specifically selected this pair because of the blue logo and material on the back of the shoe. However, for my surprise I didn't find that in the pair I received.of the experience.I am totally disappointed by the  experience.    ","      Great boot. Took them out this weekend. The wife fell in love with them. I recommend them for sure. Light weight, waterproof and warm.    ","      These are NOT waterproof boots - I found out the hard way yesterday. Ended a mushroom hunting session with wet socks. Plus the toe pinching when walking is super annoying and disappointing.    ","      Not worth the price. I wear 8.5, but these were too big for me. But the main problem with them is that they are hard on the back and made my legs/muscles/ tendons very sore    ","      I love it thanks    ","      Loooove these boots! So comfortable & stylish for the outdoors :-) Can't wait to go on my hiking trip!    ","      Bend in toe box was really uncomfortable- had to send back ( some reviewers had said this)    ","      Las primera botas de mi esposa, para senderismo y quedó fascinada.    ","      The toe area has an added/separate pc if leather going across the toes. Giving the appearance of steel toe. This seam digs into the toes. Every time you step that seam bends down.  Causing blisters on the top of toes. I have to wear band aides.  Poor design.    ","      Bought these for my daughter, she loves these. She went hiking when the ground was wet and her feet stayed dry. She said they are very comfortable.    ","      Great product! Speedy responses!    ","      Excellent    ","      Very happy with these boots!  Provide good support, are very comfortable, and look good - not bulky at all.    ","      They were comfortable, but the sole fell apart after a few times wearing them; and I wasn't using them for hiking, just every day wear -- taking the dog for a walk down the street.    ","      Nice boots    ","      Sizes run small, great quality.    ","      They are waterproof, I’ll give them that. The grip is absolutely terrible! I’ve slipped twice on a rock, both instances on dry surfaces. These boots are made for flat surfaces. Complete waste of money!    ","      Very good and confortable    ","      These boots keep my feet warm and dry! Exactly what I was looking for and needed. The comfort level is more than I expected. Thank you Columbia!    ","      These boots are amazing! Warm, totally waterproof (I crossed a river and didn't get wet at all). Don't regret spending my money on them.    ","      they fit perfect, I love it. They're confortable, soft and looks nice. More than I expected, I really like my new shoes    ","      Warm, great fit, very comfy.    ","      Están muy padres y cómodos    ","      No breaking period needed.Used it to hike for 8 hours, vertically climbing mostly. Very light and no breaking my feet either.    ","      I am very happy with my boots.I like the color and they fit perfect.Comfortable from the first time I wore them.    ","      These shoes leak    ","      These hiking boots look great, but I had the toe issue that many people had. Even in my right size the boots were uncomfortable when stepping and I could tell I would have gotten blisters.    ","      So comfy and fits great    ","      Returned    ","      I would recommend this product to everyone who like this kind of tennis. Really beautiful and comfortableI also would recommend this store, really good job.    ","      Wonderful fit and comfort from the first day. Good ankle support and stability.  Love these boots.    ","      good price    ","      They are very light weight and comfortable.  I am able to lace them tightly for my narrow foot.    ","      Everything    ","      Great price for a great leather waterproof boot    ","      My daughter has fallen and scraped her knees terribly (twice!) in the one week she has been wearing these.  The metal pieces holding the laces catch on the other boot causing her to fall!    ","      good quality    ","      This is a great looking boot to wear out and about!  Looks dressier than all the other designs.    ","      LOVE! ACTUALLY waterproof and very comfortable. I also love the way they look!    ","      I wear these boots all the me. the way they are made it will last probably the rest of my hiking life    ","      Perfect for rain, hiking, and outdoor activities! I feel super comfortable walking in them, plus they're cute. Definitely a smart buy.    ","      They fit great and really like the color.  They were well worth the purchase and would buy another pair.    ","      I bought a pair of new hiking boots but what I got was a pair of USED hiking boots.    ","      Very comfortable boots, true to size. They fit well even with heavier socks. They are made well and look nice.    ","      Perfect as expected.    ","      Bought these boots 6 months ago and didn't begin wearing them until probably mid August. The soles are already completely falling off and I am unable to wear them. Super bummed ☹️    ","      Super comfy! They're inexpensive compared to other hiking boots I looked at and very cute in person. I recommend these :)    ","      These boots are great. They are pretty narrow but overall a great boot.    ","      Looks great, feels even better. Well constructed. Extremely high quality for the price I paid.    ","      These work great as my new work shoes...  Will order again.    ","      Gift for the wife. She loves them    ","      When walking the boot cut across my toes, where the natural bend is in the front of the shoe when you walk.  I walked across the floor in them and that is as far as I got.    ","      When you walk it folds on toe which is uncomfortable.    ","      Stiff toe box.  Uncomfortable.    ","      I haven't taken these on a hike yet, but they are so comfortable to wear on a rainy day    ","      These hiking shoes arrived full of mold!  Trying to return but barcode Will not register with the UPS store as Instructed.    ","      waterproof and comfortable!    ","      I love them.....great fit, comfortable and warmmmmmmmmm. Lived up to the description on Amazon. Also not bad looking for a winter boot    ","      Muy buena calidad    ","      It fits for a size 9w or if you like extra socks on your feet.    ","      Comfortable boot, water resistant. Fits like they're supposed to. Arrived within timeframe given. All around a good boot. A very happy customer    ","      Love my new boots! They fit well and I am breaking them in.Look just like the picture. Happy with them.    ","      Just listen to everyone elses review. Did an 8 mile hike in them, and was struggling. I had blisters on the TOP of my toes.    ","      These are my favorite pair of boots ever.    ","      The foot is very comfortable, and the waterproof function, always want to such shoes! so I will pay attention to the brand other shoes    ","      I wear these to work and stand about 8-10 hours in them and my feet dont hurt. Best shoe ever!    ","      Comfortable fit and love the color. Great price too!!!!!    ","      Very comfortable and they have proven they are water proof. I would highly recommend them. They support your ankle well.    ","      this is a great shoes,so comfortable.so portable.and its very cheap.I like it.next time I will buy more.about 15days Arrived in    ","      Look great and comfortable! Like all hiking boots, you have to break them in. But that was no problem with these.    ","      This shoe was not as described at all.  It caused my feet to swell and they were very uncomfortable.  I will never recommend you to anyone.  And its way too late for a return    ","      I’ve had them for a few months now and I don’t wear them anymore because your feet will get really hot    ","      Great fit, beautiful shoes. Loved them    ","      Exactly as described, very light boot. Nice leather finish. I would recommend, it makes my feet look small, very feminine.    ","      They fit great these are my second pair just in different color they are durable boots    ","      my third pair of these over the years.  fit like a glove!    ","      very comfy right from the start. good fit. would recommend buying these boots, will work for hiking or even casual use    ","      In sorry, but the material looked cheap.  They were just not comfortable.    ","      It's a very good comfortable show at a good price!! Great for hiking or just wearing as casual. A must have.    ","      Very comfortable.    ","      Wore in the pooring rain and feet stayed totally dry. Very comfortable too. I almost forgot I was even wearing shoes.    ","      LOVE these boots.  Comfortable, water proof and warm.  Perfect for the snowy, winter weather.    ","      Uncomfortable.    ","      Look great and feel great!  They have a lot of support for my ankles.  For the price, these boots are fantastic!    ","      They were great looking boots and fit really well. I love them and will order again in the future.    ","      The size and delivery schedule all fit our requirements. Perfect.    ","      My wife loved this boot and I think it's a great product. I recommend for everyone. It is waterproof boot. we confirmed it.    ","      My wife really loves the shoes. Very comfortable.    ","      These are the greatest boots every. I have a pair of summer boots almost the same style. My pair of new boots fit wonderfully.    ","      Very tight, rubs against ankles- worn them hiking several times and they are not comfortable- wouldn't purchase them again-    ","      The foot hurts.    ","      No problems encountered. Very comfortable boots.    ","      Two thumbs up!    ","      Waterproof, sturdy boots. Has held up great!    ","      good bots  the are great to hike in.  great service    ","      Super comfortable. Warm. Dry. Love them! I even like the style and color. Highly recommended. Great for hiking and snow    ","      Great hiking boots! Supports my ankles without chocking the top of my foot. Great during the trails in the water.    ","      Creases in the toe causing it to rub on my toes which hurt a lot. Do not buy for hiking more than 2 miles    ","      wonderful , boot and love walking in them at the park.  The comfort is good also.    ","      I wore these hiking shoes TWO times before I had one of the shoe lace inserts fall off. Very disappointed in the quality of these shoes.    ","      Very good fit. Like the boots    ","      Fits well, comfortable, and waterproof!    ","      Perfect    ","      Comfortable from the very beginning.    ","      I thought the shoe was very good but also the service from Amazon was excellent.    ","      lightweight.... great. sturdy. did wish it wrapped around the ankle a bit more. great condition. all columbia stuff rock. i recommend this    ","      I am very satisfied with these hiking boots.  They are very comfortable and serve my purposes.  In addition, the price was very reasonable.  I would highly recommend these boots to all my friends.    ","      Great boots for the money.    ","      Bought these for my wife. Great for hiking and outdoor activities.  Very good price.    ","      Love these boots.    ","      Great!, I would buy them a million times again.    ","      Really like my shoes!    ","      Love them. Fits perfect!    ","      great boots!  fits true to size, quality material, just as described - would def. recommend!    ","      I loved them!    ","      I like the way they fit.Theyare comfortable. I'm pleased with them.    ","      These boots have been great for hiking and wearing around. They are comfortable and classy.    ","      Love these boots. They fit me perfectly and the traction really grabs.    ","      My granddaughter loves these boots!    ","      Great show-lightweight and fits as described. Bought a pair for each daughter, too.    ","      first pair of hiking boots. really comfy and well made! so far i like em!    ","      Excellent!!    ","      Same toe issue as all the other reviews, fit great until you start walking, then it gets painful due to the crease in the toes    ","      Love them    ","      Not good price !    ","      I should probably wear them in first, but I like the look and fit of the boot. No complaints yet.    ","      Fit great and look nice; overall great purchase    ","      Great shoes!    ","      My GF loves these boots for hiking. Her size wa ssame as tennis shoe.    ","      Great price! I highly recommend this brand.    ","      Beautiful boots! Very comfortable, beautiful design and durable materials. Great buy!    ","      So comfortable!! Love love them best fitting I've ever had.    ","      I am enjoying my Columbia Women's Newton Ridge plus hiking boots.  These boots are very comfortable.  Nice looking boot also.    ","      These boots are not lightweight or comfortable. Returned.    ","      Love the boots.  Everything and more than I expected.  Very comfortable.    ","      Stiff and really painful in my toes...    ","      the product was for my mom... she is very happy    ","      good product    ","      the shoe strings keep coming off.  it's really inconvenient.  also not breathable    ","      These boots are super uncomfortable. The toe box has some serious pinch and I my foot slides around in the boot, even though my toe is almost at the front.    ","      I bought these for my wife, and she loves them.    ","      Fits nice, looks good, able to walk through wood/first area now.    ","      great walking shoe.    ","      I loved  these hiking shoes but after only wearing them a few times the top grommet came off the shoe.  Very disappointed.    ","      Ottima scarpa, sia per il trekking che per la città (quando fa freddo o per camminare sulla neve è fantastica): purtroppo la misura che ho ordinato era troppo piccola    ","      nice    ","      Returned. Too small.    ","      As described.    ","      Just as some others said. Looks like a solid shoe in the pic but this is a cheap, poorly made boot. Not a solid hiker at all. The toe thing - yes it bends and rubs... because its CHEAPLY MADE. Not recommended. Not what I expected from a Columbia product. Sent back right away.    ","      beautiful boots, comfortable and sheltered    ","      It's not even been a month I bought these pair of shoes and the pasting has already started to fall off....didn't expect this poor quality show from Columbia and Amazon....highly disappointed!    ","      Easily gets wet rubber cameUndone    ","      Great winter hiking boots. Rain resistance as well.    ","      I love these boots.  It's my 6th pair.    ","      They fit great in length and width, but with every step the leather at the toe creased and pressed on my foot. It was not at all comfortable.    ","      Very comfortable and sturdy    ","      The perfect hiking shoes for a person who doesn't hike a lot!!!    ","      Se muestra que fue entregado y yo no recibí nada, necesito que me lo busquen donde esta    ","      Uncomfortable to walk.    ","      I really loved these boots overall but when walking the crease in the toe box would pinch and it was very uncomfortable so had to return unfortunately.    ","      Great shoes for day hikes!    ","      It was a gift for my mom! Perfect fit.    ","      Fit great, cold and slush resistant ...arrived in perfect time    ","      Bought these for my wife and she loves them.    ","      Very narrow shoes, tight on top of feet by toes.  Uncomfortable.  I've never purchased shoes over the internet before and I should have stuck to what works best.    ","      Very comfortable. Great support all around.    ","      Worst pair of the boots I've ever had. My feet were wet and very cold on the first day! Very narrow fit.I'm very disappointed...definitely should not be called waterproof!    ","      Terrible for hiking in...can feel rocks and Roots way to easily...only good to wear casualy , but not in the woods!!!!    ","      I got these at an awesome deal. so happy with my purchase    ","      Great for walks in the park or in the woods.    ","      Love them. They fit perfect and they're comfortable    ","      Tested in the Amazons. Excellent.    ","      It fits well! Also shipped fast. I love it:D    ","      Really great shoes! It's definitely worth the money!    ","      Sooooooo comfortable on long hikes!    ","      true to size , comfy    ","      Not built very good.    ","      Not comfortable at all. I send it back and I asked for refund but I didn't get it yet.    ","      Had to return - the toe box creased at an odd location and rubbed into the top of my toes. Disappointing as I really liked the look and general fit of these.    ","      Extremely uncomfortable,  toebox issues, hard even with additional insert, not good for extended use. Very disappointed.    ","      Really nice shoes, stronge and confortable    ","      Perfect hiking boots    ","      Muy pesados    ","      all ok!    ","      Great hiking boots!    ","      Fits amazingly    ","      great sturdy hiking boots    ","      I love my boots!    ","      comfy, and durable !!    ","      gift    ","      Great quality    ","      Nice comfortable pair of boots    ","      very stiff    ","      Listen to the reviews about the painful toe box on this shoe! I didnt and had to return.    ","      Great boots. Love them.    ","      Best shoe ever bought!!!    ","      Terribly uncomfortable. Wore for hiking in Banff and could not even walk after the first day of wearing them. Blisters on sides, top and bottom of my feet.  Terrible shoes.    ","      I like it    ","      A++    ","      Very uncomfortable. No support - no cushion when walking. I'd give these boots zeros stars if it were an option.    ","      Not water proof.  Feet sweat terribly in them.    ","      Very comfortable, I would recommend them.    ","      I love them!    ","      Very good    ","      these are just the thing.    ","      Me encantó y mucha formalidad    ","      Great shoes for hiking    ","      Love 'em.    ","      very comfortable for walking and hiking    ","      So cute!! And water proof    ","      Great shoes!!!!!!!!!!!!    ","      Great! Love it.    ","      A beatifull boots and the service was good    ","      extremely uncomfortable, my ankles and toes bruised up at the end of every hike. The fit is weird, if you have skinny feet like me, your feet would be swimming in this but your ankle and toes would be crushed.    ","      Shoe dug into ankle could not wear them while hiking out west which was the whole point of purchase.    ","      I love this model, and it's confortable~~    ","      They're so great and comfortable    ","      love them    ","      exellent .. thanks    ","      Look good, and fit good.    ","      really good    ","      Comfortable on long hikes.    ","      Amazing!    ","      EXCELLENT    ","      Excelent i love it    ","      Fits great!!    ","      Love it!!!    ","      Lo devolví porque se veían usadas. El uso se veía en la suela y plantilla… adicional a que tenían un olor raro como a menta.    ","      Product tore up pretty quickly. Had a month and already have a hold in one!    ","      Great boots!! Very stylish and comfy!!!    ","      very good... i love them    ","      gave them away    ","      Very comfortable boots!!    ","      OK but seem very stiff and less comfy than merrell ones.    ","      excellent thanks you    ","      Hurt my feet    ","      Very comfortable shoes    ","      good... its recommended    ","      Quality excellent but fit not right. Returned    ","      Not waterproof    ","      I return these boots!    ","      Se resbalan mucho en piso humedo    ","      No he obtenido mi reembolso    ","      Very comfortable    ","      Love them    ","      Despite ordering 1.5 size up still too small & heavy for hiking    ","      perfect    ","      Very uncomfortable!    ","      Perfect    ","      excellent    ","      good    ","      Exelent    ","      Sizing was a little weird    ","      Not water proof Too hard    ","      The toe seam is in a really bad spot. Rubs wrong. Will be returning.    ","      These were an exchange because my first pair ordered in my regular size were too short.  Ordered 1/2 size larger which were too long.Sizing was difficult    ","      Large and stiff.  Returned them.    ","      Didn't like the fit. Returned them. Not comfortable at all.    ","      These boots are not waterproof.    ","      Way to big I be triping over there.    ","      These boots combined a strongly made, robust exterior with the comfort required for long periods of walking/wear.They fit very well and are standing up well to the rigors of frequent wear.They do clean fairly well and the soles give the required amount of grip, whilst 'encasing' the ankles to good effect - providing the support needed.    ","      Excellent boots tha are sturdy, well-made, and are as good as new even after two or three months of quite heavy use. Durable and comfortable.    ","      These boots are very good looking. Sizing is true. They are light weight and very comfortable. They grip my feet very well which make them handy and more comfortable for.long hikes. The sole provides very good friction and thus firm grip on the ground.I have tried them on few hours of hiking on wet grounds (after rain) and also on normal walks. I'm very happy with them.I do not see any cons!Price at the time of writing this review is £58 which to me is very good price.I happily recommend these boots    ","      No llego    ","      Good solid walking boots that will be ideal for bad weather. Rugged soles for good grip. Size 5 was a perfect fit. Felt comfortable to wear. Nice shade of dark brown.NOTE: She says she doesn’t wear brown shoes at all. So for her to wear these is mildly notable so the darkness is sufficient that they are not outright brown.    ","      Me encantaron! Las volvería a comprar. Lo más cómodo! pude caminar y caminar con ellas sin la más mínima molestia desde el día uno! Muy recomendables y en comparación con otros productos similares a muy buen precio.    ","      Best hiking boots ever! These are pretty comfortable despite having limited arch support. I've walked through grass, forests, beaches, and mud in these and they are so durable and waterproof. I am very pleased with these boots and they exceed my exprxtations!    ","      Very cushioned and comfortable, look forward to trying them for hiking    ","      Very good feeling, but unfortunately they are too narrow.    ","        Voor tweede keer besteld en betaald, weer niet goed!  ","        Andere Columbia schoenen die ik heb passen me allemaal goed, of zijn zelfs wat aan de grote kant.  Deze schoenen zijn echter een stuk smaller. Bestel dus minstens een maat groter dan je gewend bent bij Columbia schoenen. Dus heb je maat 43 met Columbia, Timberland, PME Adidas, Puma, Nike of NB, bestel dan maat 44.De schoenen zijn netjes afgewerkt en zien er goed en degelijk uit. Goed profiel, en niet te harde zool, dus goede grip.Het enige negatieve is dus de maat. Misschien ben ik erg streng door 2 sterren af te trekken. Echter Columbia schoenen vallen normaal ruim en zijn bij uitstek geschikt voor mensen met brede voeten. Deze schoenen vallen klein en zijn zo smal, dat ze naar mijn mening niet geschikt zijn voor mensen met wat bredere voeten zoals ik. Je krijgt dus niet wat je verwacht. Jammer, want de prijs-kwaliteit verhouding van deze schoenen is heel erg goed.  ","        Goeie pasvorm, stevige zolen, waterdicht.  ","        Te klein bij de neus en te smal! Een wandelschoen moet juist ruim zijn, deze is nog kleiner dan een normale schoen. Verkoop mensen alstublieft geen verkeerde maat online, nu moet deze terug naar Duitsland met een zelfgeprinte bon! (Maat 40)Too small and too narrow! A hiking shoe should be large, this one is smaller than a normal shoe. Please do not sell people wrong sizes online, now it has to be sent to Germany with a self printed label! (Size 40)  ","      Se han estrenado el primer día caminando por la ciudad y ese no es su territorio.Ese día con un calcetín que no era técnico el pie sudaba y la suela efectivamente no se adhiere bien a los caminos de la ciudad, aceras pulidas y otro tipo de suelos urbanos.Segundo día en su territorio de montaña.¡Una auténtica maravilla!Columbia y montaña son la pareja ideal.Importante llevar un calcetín técnico transpirable y el pie estará seco y cómodo todo el trayecto.La zapatilla transpira bien y su nivel de resistencia al agua es perfecto también.Se agarran al terreno empedrado a la perfección.Es MUY importante con estas y con cualquier zapatilla, ajustar debidamente la misma al pie. Cordones bien ceñidos para disfrutar de la firmeza correcta.En resumen. Muy contento.¡No olvide elegir el calcetín correcto!    ","      Me preocupaba el desconcertante tema de las tallas. Unos dicen que tallan grande, otros que tallan como habitual, unos pocos que son pequeñas. En fin leer las reseñas para orientarse es una lotería.Por si sirve de algo: en mi caso suelo usar el 42 pero visto que otras Columbia similares me quedaban ligeramente justas he pedido un 42,5 y éstas me quedan bien.Del resto decir que tienen buena pinta los acabados y que supongo que la impermeabilidad (Omni tech) durará poco ya que es bastante inferior a la membrana Out dry de Columbia más cara    ","      Compré un par para probarlos y al probarlos decidí comprar otro par para guardarlos para más adelante, porque la relación calidad/ precio es excelente. Finalmente me he quedado sin ninguno ya que mi hijo y mi hija se los han quedado y los han estado utilizando en las vacaciones que estuvo lloviendo y estábamos caminando todo el día por la calle. Me voy a pedir otro par para mi de la misma marca, aunque cambiaré de modelo para comparar.    ","      He tenido muchas marcas y modelos de zapatos de monte y los he usado tanto para senderismo como calzado diario y para el trabajo. Mis experiencias han sido diversas, pero he comprobado que no me acaban durando más de un año. Antes o después se rompen por la zona de flexión o acaban con la suela lisa o con agujeros en la puntera o con las plantillas deshechas. Por eso he decidido no volver a gastarme 100 o 150€ como he hecho con otras marcas y modelos.Cuando se rompieron mis anteriores North Face, busqué por Amazon y di con estas Columbia, a un precio muy razonable y buenas críticas. Hoy me han llegado y me han sorprendido para bien. Se las ve muy bien acabadas y de estética son bastante discretas para un uso diario. El tallaje es perfecto: un 43 me queda exactamente igual que otras zapatillas que he tenido. El marrón es algo más oscuro que en las fotos. Tienen unas formas algo contorneadas, que hace que se acoplen como un guante al pie. Eso da una sensación de calce muy cómodo. La pisada también se nota natural y los zapatos se sienten ligeros. La suela también tiene buena pinta.Ya veremos con los días y a ver qué tal aguantan el paso del tiempo, y también como se comportan en zona agreste, en piso mojado y al meter los pies en el agua. De momento, muy contento con la compra. Con que me duren con uso diario unos 8 meses ya me daré por satisfecho.    ","      Bonjour 🖖,Voici une excellente paire de chaussures de marche/randonnée mais aussi au quotidien.Le contenu du packaging :➡️ 1 paire de chaussures taille 42,5Les ✅ du produit :✔️ Au premier abord en les mettant, je me suis dit \"elles sont rigides, elles ne vont pas être confortables\". Je me trompais lourdement. Elles ont d'un confort, j'ai rarement eu ça aux pieds.✔️ Je pèse plus de 100 kg, le confort et l'amorti sont essentiels pour moi, j'ai trouvé ici mon bonheur tout au long de la journée. Je suis comme des chaussons.✔️ Elles sont de très bonne qualité et bien solides, elles m'ont été chaudement recommandées et je ne regrette absolument pas mon achat.✔️ Très bonne accroche grâce à la forme des semelles en-dessous, parfait pour marcher ou en randonnée.✔️ Bonne imperméabilisation, pieds bien à l'abri.✔️ Système de lacets efficace.✔️ J'aime beaucoup le look noir assez sobre et plutôt passe-partout.✔️ Elles sont assez légères, pas fatigantes en fin de journée.Les ⛔ du produit :❌ Seul défaut inhérent à la semelle en-dessous, elles ramassent la terre et quand elle sèche en risque d'en mettre partout💬 En conclusion : super chaussures, je ne peux que recommander pour marcher, travailler, au qotidien pour pour des activités de marche.💡 Produit commenté le 04/12/2022 📆 au prix de 60,00 € au moment où je les ai achetées en promotion 💰.🎅 😺 LoloSasa 🎮 🎄    ","      Ich habe die Columbia Woodburn 2 Waterproof Wanderschuhe für Herren getestet und finde die  Qualität gut.Das Obermaterial aus Leder und Mesh sorgt für Atmungsaktivität und Stabilität, während die wasserdichte Technologie sicherstellt, dass meine Füße auch bei Regen trocken bleiben.Ich habe diese Schuhe auf mehreren Wanderungen mit dem Hund (also bei jedem Wetter) getragen, und sie haben meinen Füßen immer den nötigen Schutz und Komfort geboten.Die Schuhe haben auch eine hervorragende Traktion auf verschiedenen Oberflächen, was bei steilen und unebenen Wegen besonders wichtig ist.Die Zwischensohle bietet eine angenehme Dämpfung und Unterstützung, so dass ich auch bei längeren Wanderungen keine Ermüdung spüre.Das Design der Schuhe ist auch sehr ansprechend. Ich habe die braune Farbvariante gewählt, und sie passen gut zu verschiedenen Outfits und Wanderkleidung.Insgesamt kann ich die Columbia Woodburn 2 Waterproof Wanderschuhe für Herren nur empfehlen. Sie sind bequem, stabil, wasserdicht und bieten hervorragende Traktion auf verschiedenen Oberflächen.    ","      Le ho trovate più eleganti cambiando il colore dei lacci    ","      Bella da vedere, può andare per tutti i giorni e anche per cose un poco più impegnative, mi sento di consigliare, ma non per camminate impegnative, per la misura fidatevi della tabella.    ","      Belle, comode e molto resistenti.Sono andato sul sicuro acquistando le Columbia Woodburn 2 perché possiedo da 3 anni le Columbia Woodburn e siccome le ho usate per mare montagna, boschi, con pioggia , fango camminate insomma ovunque senza preoccuparmene e dalle foto che ho inserito sono ancora perfette!Certo hanno preso ormai la forma del piede e questo fa capire che sono robustissime.ma non cè stato ambiente in cui non le ho usate.Il numero 42 è perfetto leggermente piu lunghe dell’alluce non creano dolore se indossate per ore.Infatti ho acquistato questo secondo modello ed anche le Wildone Tigertooth.Fidatevi sono strepitose!Se su questo prodotto dovessi riscontrare delle problematiche in futuro, aggiornerò la recensione.Se avete domande non commentate sotto la recensione, non si ha più la possibilità di avere una notifica, fatelo in Domande e risposte dei clienti.    ","      Es un buen calzado para salir al monte o darle vida en la ciudad los días de lluvia, cumplen con su cometido. Estéticamente son un acierto, aunque hay que tener algo muy presente, son de tallaje un pelín grande, si vendieran medios números, por ejemplo un 45,5 o un 42,5 creo que serían la compra perfecta. Va a depender de qué tipo de pie tengas.    ","      I now have 3 pairs of these. I find they are comfortable from the first time I put them on. They are a little initially a little close fitting but very quickly become extremely comfortable to wear all day. Definitely for colder weather as your feet will sweat if warm in warmer climates. Have worn these in wet winter conditions and my feet have stayed dry. Don’t expect the tread to last more than a few months if worn regularly but at this price point I’m happy with that.    ","      Las compré de oferta flash por 60 euros (la marrón), con lo que todavía más contento con la compra. Son muy cómodas y tienen muy buena pinta en cuestión de resistencia. Las uso para senderismo y para bicicleta cuando no uso los pedales automáticos.    ","      These shoes are the most comfortable shoes I have ever had and they look good at a fairly cheap price.The shoes seem to be water resistant but not completely waterproof but they are fine for walking in the rainor on wet grass.The build quality is good and they don't seem to be wearing out very fast.    ","      Auf der Suche  nach einem guten Schuh, der auch mal nass werden darf in der kälteren Jahreszeit bin ich auf diesen Schuh gestoßen.Nachdem ich länger überlegt habe wegen dem Preis habe ich mich dann doch dazu durchgerungen es mal zu versuchen. Aber nachdem ich diese Schuhe auch bei Wanderausflügen getragen habe und keine nassen Füße bekam, weder durch Schweiß noch durch nasses Laub etc, bin ich froh darüber diese Schuhe gekauft zu haben.Auch punkto Putzen sind sie recht pflegeleicht durch das glatte Leder.All in all kann ich die Schuhe mit ruhigem Gewissen weiterempfehlen.    ","      I have been following this product for a long time. I was finally able to buy it. The shoes are exactly what I expected. It's perfect for my feet. It's a perfect product. It just took a long time for the product to reach me. Other than that I am satisfied.Thanks I love these so much, I am going to buy a second pair to stash away for when this pair wears out in case I can't find them again. After minimal breaking in (around the house and on paved streets in my neighborhood), I wore them on a 5 week trip where we hiked every single day. No blisters, sore spots, foot odor, or especially important, no sore knees at the end of the day! I'm 46 and have had some previous knee issues so I've found my footwear makes a big difference. We were hiking in mostly cool, arid conditions in Texas, Arizona, and New Mexico. The majority of the hikes were in the 'moderate-to-difficult' category, averaging 5 miles in length, but ranging from 3-15. I especially felt they protected my toes and soles well when hiking on loose, rocky terrain. I wore Darn Tough wool hiking socks, and sneakers in between hikes at camp and in the car. After returning home a month ago, I started wearing these boots for my daily walk (3 miles on pavement, presently covered with ice and snow). They've been terrific, gripping the ice well and keeping my feet warm and dry. They are still in great shape.  I feel they do have a bit of a narrow fit, which works for my foot shape but others may want to consider trying the Wide version if this is an issue. Strongly recommend!    ","      Ich habe sehr spontan für unseren Skiurlaub ein paar Wanderschuhe gesucht. Natürlich sollten diese wasser- und schneedicht sein. Nach längerer Recherche bin ich auf die Schuhe von Columbia gestoßen. Da ich zwar regelmäßig, aber auch nicht ständig im Winter wandern gehe, war der Preis ebenfalls ein nicht unwesentlicher Faktor bei meiner Entscheidung. Die Schuhe waren mit Prime innerhalb eines Tage bei mir - somit noch pünktlich zur Abreise.Grundsätzlich habe ich eher empfindliche Füße, aber bereits beim ersten Tragen der Schuhe habe ich gemerkt, dass die Schuhe sehr bequem sind und ausnahmsweise keine unangenehmen Druckstellen haben. Zum Wandern sind sie stabil und komfortabel - und eben preislich wirklich attraktiv. Auch wasser-und schneedicht waren sie. Ich bin einen ganzen Tag gewandert und habe anschließend noch eine Schlittenabfahrt hinter mich gebracht und meine Füße waren immernoch warm und trocken. Lediglich oben in die Schuhe ist mir etwas Schnee beim Rodeln gekommen. Je nach Aktivität, die man plant, wäre es also sinnvoll etwas höhere Stiefelchen mitzunehmen. Aber das muss jeder für sich selbst entscheiden.Ich kann die Schuhe wärmstens empfehlen. Ob es jetzt die absoluten Profi-Winterwanderschuhe sind, kann ich nicht beurteilen. Aber das kann man denke ich bei dem Preis auch nicht erwarten.    ","      I normally wear a 7.5 or 8 and the 8 was just too narrow for me. The shoe is pretty comfortable and the back of my heels don’t rub, but I noticed a bit of pain in the bottom of my heel so I wanted to put a gel insert in it. With a pair of smart wool socks and a very thin gel insert, the 8 was way too small. Even without the gel insert and just the smart wool socks, it was still too narrow for my comfort, especially when it came to my toes. For reference, my toe width is about 3.8cm, so if your feet are that wide or wider, definitely size up and or get the wide version.I reordered an 8.5 wide since these didn’t fit, and I’ll probably update this review those come in.UPDATE 04-03-2023:The 8.5 wide came in and they fit perfect with the smart wool socks and a gel insert! (It’s a cheap AirPlus super gel insole if anyone was wondering). I personally like them with the insert since the sole is somewhat stiff. The one thing I am concerned about is how water proof this pair will be. It looks like they didn’t widen the tongue of the shoe along with the sole, so I’m not sure how well it will do at keeping water out. I have a camping trip in the next few days and I will update afterwards on how they held up.    ","      Las botas son Super cómodas, si se resbalas un poquito en lugares mojados pero fuera de eso dan un soporte para los tobillos impresionante. Yo siempre tengo problema con torceduras y con estas botas ya no tengo que preocuparme de eso! La talla me quedó tal cual. La tabla de tallas. Me gusta que además son super bonitas, le quedan a todo! Las he usado en bosque, Cascadas, ciudad y no me han quedado mal ni una vez!    ","      I usually wear a 7 for sneakers (6.5 for heels), and have a normal to high arch with neutral alignment.Bought these in a 7 after reading reviews and immediately wore them to hike in the Saguaro National Park without any blisters or rubbing. Also hiked the Grand Canyon two weeks later with microspikes over these and was extremely happy with how rugged but lightweight they were.I tried some VERY expensive Danner/Oboz boots in REI and these felt a million times more comfortable, even though I honestly wanted the others just for appearance.I usually hike mountains in sneakers but needed something warm, so feeling like my ankle wasn’t locked in place was a must. They’re supportive but flexible and I’m really happy I went with these, already helped make some great memories!    ","      Wow. I’m properly impressed. I’m an 8.5 in heels and a 9 in boots. But given these are deemed hiking boots I was wary that a 9 would be too tight. To my pleasant surprise, they are very adjustable with an appropriate amount of space around the toe area. Not too small not too big. Just right. I know I could wear thick socks or two pairs and still have a comfortable fit. As far as quality, out of the box they seem nice, light, not sure if light is a good thing with hiking boots, but seems good. Arch for an average foot is comfy. If you have high arches you will likely need an insert. Color combo (black with red laces) is cool.    ","      These are the most comfortable boots. I could wear them from day one, didn't take anything, if at all, to break them in. I've worn them in muddy, wet weather -- and no leaking. Definitely recommend. They also fit my orthotic inserts.    ","      muy buen material    ","      I have never tried wide version of any shoes before but I found this shoes to be too narrow at the sides. Length fits me just fine with little bit room to wiggle but the side just suffocates my foot. Since feet will expand in long hikes I assume it will hurt my foot if I use this so I just sold it to my cousin whose feet is one size smaller than mine. Now I am debating if I should get the wide version or if I will get the half size up    ","      These boots were perfect. Fit as expected. Went right to hiking 6.5 miles the first time I wore them. 1700 foot elevation gain/loss out/back trail - really tested the fit and support. Kept my feet dry. Provided great ankle support. Hiked 10.7 miles total last week. 1 blister on 1.5 mile “wimpy hike” compared to first day and I really think it was more the socks. Wear snug boot socks not just any long sock. 2 out of 3 of us had these boots. We loved them. We don’t hike enough to warrant spending $$.    ","      I sized up a half size. Most comfortable boots ever. I volunteer to build houses and these boots are comfortable, supportive and keep feet a perfect temp (didn't sweat or get cold). Loved so much, bought a second pair.    ","      I recently purchased these hiking boots and I have to say, I'm thoroughly impressed with their performance. These boots are not only comfortable to wear, but they also provide excellent support and protection on the trails.I highly recommend these hiking boots to anyone looking for a light, comfortable and reliable pair of hiking boots. They are well-made, durable, and provide excellent support and protection on the trails.    ","      So I tried on the boots and they fit perfect.  The quality is great.  I will let you know after the hike if they kept me from falling!    ","      These boots are really nice. They really grab the ground well so you don't slip, the red is very contrasting to the black, and they are comfortable. I did get a blister on my pinky toe the 1st 2 days I wore them but that was because I did not break them in slowly. I went right into two 9 hour days with them.  The soul is comfortable and I like how they lace up high so they stabilize the ankle if you wanted. They are also waterproof And warm enough for the Winter but not too warm. They fit me the same as my other Columbia boots so I'd say the size is true to fit.    ","      I needed shoes suitable for walking the dog so I ordered 4 different pairs. Low-and-behold the ones I liked were the most expensive but wow these are worth every penny.They are super comfortable (no need to break them in either) and have kept my feet warm (with 1 pair of socks) & dry (in rain & snow).I would prefer a bit more grip in them (in the snow/ice so maybe I’m asking too much) & the laces didn’t last very long but these are tiny details for a shoe I enjoy so much.    ","      I love everything about this boot....very very comfortable...and VERY durable! i really put these to the test on my first trip out. We camped and hiked for 5 days...it was very wet weather..i tromped through water and mud with these and kept my feet perfectly dry.  We hiked through a forest burn area and waded through waist deep thick brush that was burnt...destroyed my jeans lol my boots were covered  in scratches and soot i thought i ruined them. i wiped them off with a damp cloth and they literally looked like when i first put them on. Beyond impressed with how these perform    ","      Good shoe but...the insole is very hard so you will need to buy extra insoles that are comfortable.  There isn't any arch support as well.  I notice that when I put the extra insert into the right shoe it seems a little off.  Like a little higher than the left foot (also has insert) Over all it's nice shoe though.  I normally wear an 8 ordered 8.5  I use them for work and they get the job done.    ","      I got the dark brown style and I was so happy with them, they look great from the start, haven’t hiked in them yet but I’ll update when I do but they were very comfy when I tried them on!    ","      I ordered this boots for my trip to Alaska.  I went ahead wearing them to break in them before I go on my trip in the summer. They felt comfortable to walk in.    ","      Siempre me gustó esta marca. Los botines son de calidad y cómodos.  Los recomiendo    ","      Broke in these hiking boots on a 6 mile hike, and I got 0 blisters and felt like I had great ankle support the entire time. The hike was in the snow and my feet stayed warm and dry the entire time. 100000/10 recommend these shoes    ","      Bought these boots to go hiking at zion National Park, they fit well and were comfortable. It was muddy and there was ice on the ground but these boots kept my feet dry and me stable on thecground    ","      These are great! Completely waterproof and didn't hurt my feet after Hiking  Zion in slush and snow.    ","      I figured I would have to break these in for a little while before they would be truly comfortable. I was wrong. I put them on and just walked around outside for a while. Not really hiking yet but did some serious walking around. Kept my feet warm and didn’t have any pain at all or discomfort. Highly recommend.    ","      Love this hiking shoe! Durable, comfortable, and very stable. Easy to clean. Very good value.    ","      Son muy cómodos, tienen buen agarre👍🏼    ","      Me encantaron, muy cómodas. Recomiendo comprar medio número por encima del real.    ","      I had no problem love the pickup.  Everything went great.    ","      No break in required, but I had to try a few different pairs of socks before finding ones that didn’t rub at the seam. Glad I figured that out before the big hike.    ","      I'm just starting to hike so I didn't want to spend too much on boots.  These are great so far on medium grade hikes and definitely waterproof.  My ankle tends to roll and sprain easily when stepping on uneven surfaces which is one reason I've been hesitant to hike but these give a really good grip and they're making me more confident.    ","      I love these boots. I’m going to buy them again. Great for flat feet with orthotics.    ","      I returned the product.    ","      Strong and tough for hiking. I love them! Perfect fit. I picked size 9 because that is my regular size on all my shoes and they fit perfect!    ","      I bought these waterproof boots for my job shovelling horse manure. I also have plantar fascitis and these shoes are so comfortable, and yes, they are waterproof. Unsure how well they will hold up, my job ruins shoes in a matter of months.    ","      just a bit too narrow. cannot wear heavy socks with them    ","      The first pair of these I got were not fully waterproof but I ordered a replacement and my issue was solved! Stylish, comfy enough- I might add an insole.    ","      After adding a sole insert and wearing thick socks they fit well. Hope to wear on vacation this early summer.    ","      Great fit. Waterproof just how I needed them to be!    ","      The best boots. Through all the mud my feet stayed dry and clean    ","      Great fitting! Good price. Great quality! Fast shipping! Happy with my purchase and would buy again!    ","      Comodissime, leggere, usate per camminate in montagna con la neve il giorno stesso che le ho comprate e non ho avuto nessun problema o dolore ai piedi. Impermeabili. Ottimo acquisto. Stra raccomandate    ","      These shoes are more than I expected them to be! I ordered my normal size, 8.5 and they are a true fit and extremely comfortable! As soon as I put them on, I felt like I was ready to get outside and out them to use. The grips on the bottom feel great.    ","      I love these. Definitely would recommend    ","      I bought these to hike in Costa Rica. So happy I did because they provided great support, kept my feet dry, and allowed me to comfortably navigate the terrain.    ","      Needed something quickly due to waterproof winter shoes destroyed by apartment mouse. Priced well for what you get.    ","      I loved climbing in them they had amazing grip also lasted my 10 mile hike up this canyon.    ","      Overall great boot.  But will need to buy an insole since this one is so hard.    ","      Un Excelente Producto.    ","      Me quedaron perfectas , las use para escalar la montaña mas alta de mi pais , ni se sienten en los pies de tan comodas.    ","      Quality    ","      My first ever pair of hiking shoe and they’re true to size. I used them for the first time during a small 2 mile hike and my feet didn’t hurt and I didn’t feel cramped! Way cuter in person as well! Definitely recommend them!    ","      I splurged and bought these before a trip to Europe, with it being December-January I needed something comfortable and waterproof as I was going to be walking a lot and Europe knows how to let the weather rip. These are the best shoes I have ever purchased! Reliable, very cute, easy to put on and take off, and my feet stayed dry the entire time! I didn't break them in prior to my trip, but that was perfectly fine as they were comfortable immediately. Once I wore them more and they were broken in, I decided I will be investing in insoles as my feet did start to get a bit achey. I think that also had to do with the distance I was walking, though I would like to get more miles in these babies without feeling any pain. I really don't have any negatives to say about these, each time I put them on I was reminded why I love them so much and how I made such a good call in buying them. I have done nothing but rave about these shoes since purchasing!    ","      It was soo comfortable    ","      Whether it's walking outside in the winter through slush or hiking on the trails, these versatile shoes are the perfect fit for your outdoor needs!    ","      Comfy right out of the box! True to size. If you don’t care for the insole, try inserting your own insoles or consider wearing thicker, cushy socks. Would definitely recommend these hiking boots!    ","      I bought these boots to take to Alaska on the land and sea vacation.  The trip isn't until July so I just wear them around to make sure they are comfortable.  More to come in August. 😀    ","      Perfect fit and feel great on my feet! Love them!    ","      I knew that Columbia boots fit perfectly and is a great quality! I was able to take this new pair out of the box and immediately start hiking comfortably! Waterproof and the right price!    ","      Chaussures une demi pointure en trop par rapport aux habituelles,    ","      I've had these boots for 3 years and so far they are the only boots I've ever hiked in. I do plan to upgrade to other boots soon but these are great entry level boots.They are water resistant in my experience, not waterproof. Stepping in one big puddle of water will be fine. Slogging through several puddles will eventually cause your socks to get damp.I think the grip or traction is ok for dry weather. Wet rocks and vertical scrambles on wet rocks is fine. However tree roots or slick logs - traction is poor for me. Icy trails will win against the boots. I fell down several times trying to walk on ice in these. Not the boots fault, I wasn't wearing ice spikes. Just don't wear them in winter weather.There are no signs of the boot peeling open or falling apart which is great.One negative is that the upper tongue portion becomes floppy and loose during hiking. Lacing up the boots tighter doesn't help because the tie sort of slides down under the label leaving an inch or so closest to your ankle free to move and loosen, causing the boot to not feel secure on the foot.    ","      Excellent rapport Qualité/Prix.De vrais chaussons !Je recommande ces chaussures.    ","      Great ankle support. Wide show as well which I love. Helps make feet less sore after a long hike lolAfter 2 years of heavy use, they're beginning to come apart at the toe and a little stiff. Still waterproof though, so I'll keep using them on shorter hikes. Too stiff to be comfortable for all day hikes or backpacking at this pointI did buy new inserts to add some more support because the original inserts didn't have the best support    ","      Great hiking shoes ! It's been 4 years already and I'm still using them!    ","      These hikers are waterproof and very comfortable. Traction not great but good for everyday hiking.    ","      Exactly as the photo, comfortable, true to size. Love them!    ","      I needed a lightweight boot that could withhold heavy WNS decontamination protocols after use. These shoes are used and abused and withhold well. The are lightweight and have great traction, however they are not the most comfortable so if you’re wanted a comfy hiking shoe this might not be the one. It’s perfectly comfortable for the 1-3 hours I wear them at a time. Highly suggest, especially for the price    ","      Hands down my favorite hiking boots. I wear them to work and they provide the right arch and ankle support. I haven't put in any inliners and it seems like I won't need to.    ","      Shoes fit perfect… so comfy first time out was hiking in the snow in Sequoia and they kept my feet dry. No blisters or discomfort at all the whole time! Definitely recommend    ","      They are so comfortable and looked great!    ","      Comfortable right out the box. it's a good looking shoe not bulky    ","      I purchased three different hiking boots and these were by far the most comfortable ones. I purchased .5 size bigger and they fit perfectly. Normally a 7 and purchased a 7.5. They grip well and weren’t heavy. This style was cheaper then the other two I had purchased and were of great quality. Would purchase again. Received a lot of compliments for hiking shoes.    ","      Very comfortable right out of the box. Very cushiony insoles Feels like I'm wearing house shoes. I haven't worn these outside, so I don't know how waterproof they will be.    ","      10000000% recommend. So comfy! While everyone around me was slipping these did not! Recommend!!!    ","      Muy comodas, si las recomiendo un poco amplias perdir numero habitual    ","      I bought a pair in 2019 and am now ordering a second pair. I’ve hiked about 500 miles (and walked even more) in these replacing the insoles 3 times. I do prefer a better insole than what comes with the shoe. I’ve done a 17 mile hike (in one day), climbed mountains, and have done lots of rainy weather hikes. These shoes are just now getting slippery due to tread wearing down. The stitching has held up beautifully and while not waterproof if I fully submerge my foot, I’ve done enough sloshing through wet areas to know that my feet will stay dry as long as I don’t get the tongue area soaked.Here’s hoping the manufacturer has keep the same standards these last few years. I used to be a total Keens fan, but once I noticed that the shoes were wearing out a lot quicker, made the switch. Very glad I did.    ","      These are super comfy, I would recommend sizing up half a size. I live in cold Minnesota and they keep my feet very warm, But I do slip on ice here and there.    ","      Broke these in on a muddy, melty hike and my feet stayed dry and warm and the boots were comfortable the whole day.  Great boots, especially for the cost.    ","      Really lightweight, waterproof, hiking boot, very comfortable, my wife is very happy and satisfied.  Keeps the foot dry during heavy rain, this is very important.    ","      I really am happy with these boots. They are so comfortable. Went through creeks and didn’t get a bit wet. I have a very hard time finding comfortable hiking boots but, these are 5 stars!    ","      They were exactly what I was looking for!    ","      So happy with this purchase: the boots are super comfortable, lightweight, warm and waterproof- tried and tested by long walks and a cold and rainy Scotch weather. Highly recommended. I’d recommend to order 1 size larger than your current size    ","      Have had these shoes for about 4 years now. Still sturdy! I have walked with it through puddles and water canyons and stays dry! Just don't walk through ankle deep waters lol. I I have normal arch type of footing and have walked miles in these shoes and these are the only shoes I have ever owned to not cause back strain or hip strain. The only thing I wish didn't happen so often is it getting untied. But that might just be user error and I'm not tying it correctly. haha    ","      These my 2nd pair of the exact same boots from here. It’s so comfortable and amazing. I wore it in every kind of condition (rain, snow, sand, mud…etc) for a year every single day eventually worn it out. I will continue to buy them! Highly recommended.    ","      Very good winter hiking boot    ","      Well I’ve been trying to upload a picture for the past 10 minutes so I can show y’all how amazing these boots really are with my hiking adventures but Amazon doesn’t want to let me upload a photo so onto the review. I’m a pretty avid hiker and so I’ve been looking for a really good sturdy pair of boots to hiking and I came across these because first of all they have really good reviews and second of all the color combo of red and black was my favorite so I went ahead and bought them and recently went to Pedernales Falls State Park in Austin Texas and WOWZA!! Not only are these things very comfortable but they are waterproof. Well of course they’re waterproof up until the water goes up and over your ankles and into your shoes. Lol. So if you ever make the mistake that I did by thinking that the water wasn’t that deep and then you end up stepping into a hole and water goes all into your shoe don’t you worry a thing. We walked over to a rock took off our shoes and socks to let them dry out and of course we had a towel with us so we took the towel to squeeze the inside of the shoes out and within 15 minutes our boots and wool socks were practically dry!!! I have never had a hiking boot to get submerged in water and then once I’ve squeezed all the water out of it I was able to put these boots back on within 15 minutes just taking a break letting them dry and there was no slashing or anything and we hiked for another 2 hours in those boots! My daughter has a another pair of the same boots in a different color scheme and we were blown away about how quickly these dry. We even kept bringing it up how amazing it was they dried SOOOOOOOOO fast! I highly recommend these boots!!! Wearing these for our spring break trip to The Grand Canyon! We’ve also worn them across the DFW Texas area and all the state parks out there and we’ve had zero issues with them! Get your pair now!! Lol.    ","      I love these boots. I was skeptical about the other reviews saying the fit was right and there was no need to break in the boots, but its true! I've been wearing them at least twice a day, everyday since I got them.I take the dog for long ocean side walks, going in and out of tide pools, creeks, puddles, and mucky mud, and these boot have been perfect. My feet stay dry, the mud wipes off the uppers, and the tread is solid so my footing is stable even on the rockiest shore.In the summer I do a lot of mountain hikes and I think these would hold up to that use as well. They're probably not up to the demands of more technical mountaineering, but for day hikes they are great.I would definitely recommend these to anyone wanting a comfortable, waterproof daily walking/hiking boot. I'll probably buy a second pair in a fashion colour for the summer :)    ","      These are comfy off the box, no need to break in and are a gorgeous brown! The toe box and the width is a bit narrow, my feet are regular but i would be more comfortable if i got a wide. I could work with this though so i’m not returning it, still comfy enough! The insoles are removable so you can easily change the insoles if you’d want more arch support. Great purchase! They look so durable and i’m sure these will last me years!    ","      I bought these for my walks. They are fairly comfortable. Look okay. They are not leather they are a plastic outer material. Winter here is usually anywhere from 20 degrees to 40 degrees. The plastic outer gets cold and since they are unline, even two pairs of socks don't keep my feet warm. These might be good for spring or summer but no way for cold winter walking. Next year I will be looking for a better and warmer walking boot.    ","      I love hiking and I live in the rugged Appalachian mountains. I deal with steep grades, uneven ground, rocks, brush, and sometimes deep mud. These boots survive all of that and do well. The only issue is toe boxing, which can sometimes really pinch when walking uphill. These are nice otherwise.    ","      Pedí medio número más grande y considero que tengo pie ni tan delgado ni ancho. Sin embargo sí las siento bastantes justas. No me atreví a usarlas porque tan solo al ponermelas ya siebtobque me aprietan    ","      True to size! Perfect for my hiking trip!    ","      I will always love these boots. Waterproof, comfortable and alway fit!    ","      Amazon suggested to buy 7.5 which is too loose. I normally wear 6.5 to 7. I'm returning and getting the 7.    ","      Bought these boots in a size 6.5. They fit perfectly, true to size, and extremely comfortable for all day wear. Highly recommended.    ","      This boot is so cozy and definitely cute. My favorite everyday look cute boot. Lol    ","      Light weight and easy to walk in. Fit snug to size.    ","      Mis botas preferidas para caminar todo el día.    ","      These are best hiking boots I have ever worn.  They are so comfortable.    ","      The reviews on these r very mixed some ppl love them and others dont, but seems like its the same with with every other boot as well, so I chose these cuz awesome price and they dont  look not so hideously ugly. I usally wear 6 - 6 1/2 so I bought the 6 1/2 in these and they fit perfect. I wore them all day to break them in a bit and see how long til they botherd my feet and wear they would hurt at, shoes in general will usually start to hurt within a few hours and I have to change shoes. These are super comfy nice cushioning on the bottom of feet and no rub on my pinky toes or big toe. One common complait I read for many ppl was the \"box toe\" and the crease rub was tough on the big toe or toes, I did not have any rubbing tho i could feel the crease touch my toe it did not rub or hurt. The ankles and tongue are very padded, the marteral is soft there is nothing hard or rough no pain was involved i had on short socks there was nothing between the boot and my skin. I dont think I have anything to worry about on the dirt trail these boots are super comforting and supportive on my feet, I love them and the price on Amazon is great 👍 im thinking I will buy another pair in a diffrent color.    ","      Very nice but not for wide feet    ","      It is warm, comfortable and well supported. I also tried in heavy rain as half hour walking and still part of shoes are dry. The rest are wet as water goes down from my jeans. So i can not complain about that.    ","      Like the boots fit perfectly,  very satisfied, thankyou    ","      È il secondo paio di scarpe Columbia che compro, sono davvero valide.L'unica cosa la tabella taglie è sbagliata.Seguendo la guida la prima volta avevo comprato un 43 ma si è rivelato essere un 29 cm e non 28cm che invece corrisponde al 42.Se volete un consiglio usate la taglia americana. È molto più affidabile    ","      They fit perfect, true to size and super comfy. Read tons of great reviews and the shoes definitely exceeded my expectations they are the best shoes I’ve ever owned, I can’t wait to start hiking again.    ","      Bought these because my Bear Paw hiking boots were not doing the trick. I love these boots. I wore them in Iceland, doing plenty of difficult hikes and very wet hikes. I walked through a river of water and my feet didn't get wet, until the water went over my ankles. I'd say that's waterproof alright. I will reccomend these to anyone and will be wearing them for all my hikes.    ","      Botas muy cómodas, ligeras y presentables! Cubre el talón a la perfección!    ","      Der Schuh ist bequem und robust. Nur leider ist die Innensohle kleiner als der Schuh. Ich würde mich freuen wenn Sie mir die passende Innensohle Grösse 39,5 noch kostenlos nachsenden würden. Vielen Dank schon Mal.    ","      Thanks to amazon, it was such a bargain for a quality product. It looks tough and durable, I can't wait to test it in harsh conditions. Although it is rigid, it is also very comfy. However, it would be better if the material were genuine leather. 9/10    ","      These boots are waterproof and highly functional,  great for my ankles. I wear them with skirts look so cute.    ","      Ces chaussures sont légères, parfaites pour la marche. Elles sont aussi imperméables, très bon achat!    ","      No padding for support or comfort inside. They are hard inside. Disappointing!    ","      Excellente chaussure de marche.Très confortable et légère. Grip assuré en temps humide.Prix correcte vie la qualité du produit.Chaussant du 38, j'ai prix une taille au dessus.    ","      These Columbia Newton Ridge boots were purchased for my daughterBoots are well made, have decent traction qualities, and are durable. My wife has had these same boots for several years and although she wears them mainly during the winter, her boots still look like new, practically no wear at all.    ","      These boots fit comfortably.  I did not have to break them in.  I did \"light\" hiking in them over several days and they worked fine.  I did not wade through water but did hike in rain and my feet stay cozy and dry.I found them to be a low cost option for the nonserious hiker or tourist.    ","      I work in a factory that uses powder as part of the manufacturing process. it gets everywhere and even my food service non-slips were no match for it. I had a pair of these in red from a few years ago and started wearing them to work and they were perfect. It’s like there is no powder unless it’s a very thick layer. These are a lifesaver. Break in period is about a week but then it’s so perfect. Just make sure you’re wearing thick cotton or wool socks for better fit, as these are hiking boots designed with those socks in mind.    ","      I loved these so much I used the try and buy feature to buy them in two different colors. I bought the black and red nubuck looking ones and the gray suede looking ones. The only two downfalls are the soles wear out quickly in my opinion and I have to wear Superfeet EVERYDAY Comfort insoles in them. They make my feet look smaller and I will get lots of use out of them.    ","      As expected. Good quality    ","      Excelente calidad-precio    ","      Me facinaron! Se ven resistentes para lo que se requiere aunque solo los he usado una vez para caminar (4 km) en el parque para sentirlos ya que los compré para viajar a un lugar frío. Soy talla 3 de México y tengo el pié muy delgado y pedí 3.5 por las calcetas gruesas y los sentí cómodos.    ","      I purchased these hiking boots after reading several reviews and within days of a lot of hiking in Alaska. They arrived quickly and fit nearly perfect. I’ll add that I bought 2 pair, one for myself and daughter. We decided to go hike Byron Glacier on a very windy & rainy day. For anyone who is familiar with the trail, knows that it’s pretty easy & well maintained until you decide to climb the boulder field. Of course, we decided to climb the boulders vs staying to the left and going up along the stream to the glacier. While on the top of the boulders, I received several urgent texts messages and luckily I had reception. To keep it short, I got on a call with a family member in distress and I needed to keep them on the phone. In 40 degrees of windy & down pouring rain, I ran down the boulder field, across the rocky field back to the wet and puddled trail until I reached the parking lot. It was a blur. Once the emergency was completely addressed. I was in disbelief that I didn’t fall, break an ankle or blister my feet. These shoes held up. I need to mention that this was the first day wearing them and I went on to wear them everyday for 2 weeks straight. The grip is amazing and they fit so comfortably but are sturdy. I cannot recall a time that I slipped or twisted my ankle. I ran & stepped through puddles and thick mud and my feet stayed warm & dry. No breaking in period. Wore them for up to 10 mile hikes in a day.  I love these boots and I hope they continue to make them. I am purchasing a second pair just in case they are discontinued. If you are able to purchase these, I’d say that they are winner. Happy hiking! (boulder field to give an idea of the terrain and the actual)    ","      This shoes works very well on winter. They have a very good grip and isn’t easy to slide. The color are exactly as shown. I’m 8.5 size and I ordered a size 9, and feels so good. Maybe a smaller size couldn’t fit on me. Great quality!!!    ","      I bought these on an incredible promotion over the holidays and love them!I have 2 dogs that require a lot of walking, and I find that my walks are best when over a variety of terrain.  I also walk in all weather.  The Columbia Newton Plus boots fit my need for a light hiking boot that will keep my feet dry and comfortable.Initially, I was skeptical.  In general, I wear an 8.5 shoe if the shoe is true to fit.  So few are.  Therefore I ordered a size 9 and discovered that yes, the 9 was slightly large.  I experienced the same kind of pressure on my big toe as others here have mentioned.  I felt the boot material was stiff, and I doubted that it would ever feel comfortable.  However, by then I'd already worn the boots outside.  I figured I'd suck it up and wear thick socks.Well, fast forward about 2 weeks and what a difference!  Fast forward about 6 weeks and I feel the boot has formed more to my foot. I love the support.  The sole feels good on harder surfaces and yes, so far it seems waterproof.  I am very happy, and I hope that I can get at least 2 good seasons out of these before I walk through the tread.I would strongly recommend these to people, but be aware that they do run closer to the large side of true to size, so take that into consideration. I'd probably be able to wear an 8.5 and still have thick socks on, for example. Even with heavy socks, my foot shifts around a little bit (but doesn't rub or blister) in the 9.I also would recommend that if you use them in the summer, you use them in cooler climates.  These are fairly warm, and if you wear them in the summer in hotter areas, your feet will definitely sweat a lot.Anyway, these were a great value and I like the overall boots. Just be careful about the sizing and the conditions.Update:. Here it is, two years later and I am still happy with my purchase.  The tread is totally shot and the boot is no longer waterproof, but they did last 2 years.  I did use waterproofing spray to help lengthen the waterproofing, but this year the boot leather is cracking.  I am still wearing them, but more as my messy yardwork boots.    ","      These boots are very comfortable and so light.  I every day for dog walking in very muddy conditions for about  two hours, as well as hiking on all types of terrain.  So far the grip on wet, mossy granite has been excellent.    ","      Love the boot but, I normally ware 8 1/2 - 9. I went with the 9 to make sure it wasn’t too snug and I’m glad I did, I think 8 1/2 would have been too small. So, if you’re sometimes between sizes I would go up the 1/2 size. Highly recommend.    ","      These boots fit exactly as i had hoped.  I ordered 1/2 size larger than my standard street shoe b/c I always do with boots and sneakers.  Perfect fit.  Wore them on trails recently, right out of the box.  No breaking in was necessary.  I've had them for 4 wks. Wore on vacation and now for work (construction sites, wooded lots, etc.)  I love these.  They are my new favorite work boot.    ","      I know Columbia is a great brand but got these because they are my work colors (black & red). They are holding up great being worn everyday and have great traction. My job requires a lot of steep climbing on hillsides and working on rooftops (some with steep pitch), I will buy again when these wear out.    ","      So I didn't have much time to find a pair of hiking boots prior to me going to a hike a 14er. I got these in the mail about 3 days prior to my hike. I'll try to break down my thoughts based off others' reviews that I read that convinced me to buy but also ones that made me a little nervous.Breaking in: With three days before the hike, I was extremely nervous this would give me issues. I took it out to walk in a few miles a day to break them in but honestly, probably didn't need to. They hardly needed breaking in and I am thankful for that.\"Rubbing on big toe\" issue: I saw this come up on multiple reviews and it made me very nervous. While I only noticed a bit of rubbing on my left foot, it wasn't painful and didn't take off any skin. It was noticeable here and there but nothing major.  Since I was going on a big hike though, I did not want to take my chances and put a bit of moleskin there and was totally fine.Sizing: I read so many conflicting reviews about this but I ultimately decided to do a half size up. (Normally 6.5, ordered a 7. It worked well for me).Final verdict: I took these shoes out to hike a 14er (Quandary Peak) and they performed fabulously! We hiked for about 8 hours and they held up well! Better yet-my toes weren't killing me by the end of it. ( I did notice a bit of rubbing around the ankles a bit on the descent but I just put on a bandaid. No blisters. Also-we were hiking for a very long time so I won't fault these boots too much for that!). We did not come across any lakes so I can't speak to the waterproof-ness of these shoes.Bottom line: Yes, I recommend these hiking boots for your next hiking adventure!    ","      Great fit, no break in period, excellent value.    ","      I've been wearing these on shorter walks around town in order to 'break them in' and see how they fair before some longer hikes planned later in September.  One little negative is that they seem to rub on one particular spot on both my ankles which causes a small blister.  Now I have swollen ankles because of thyroid issues so I'm guessing this the cause. There was an easy fix however. I just place a band-aid on both ankles in the spot that rubs before walking and it seems to have fixed the issue. As for the water resistance I've yet to go for a walk in the rain so I cannot comment on that as yet. I will do an update in down the track as to water resistance and shoe longevity.    ","      I love love love these shoes. I wore them throughout the winter walking my dog a few miles a day through snow, ice, mud, and rain, and they kept my feet dry and warm. These are very comfortable and have just the right amount of support for my very troublesome falling arches and hypermobile ankles. They fit true to size and stay securely in place, not rubbing on my ankles too much. However, nice high boot socks are absolutely necessary, since the material that touches your ankles on these shoes is kind of rough and will definitely rub you raw if you don't protect your skin, so just keep that in mind. In terms of style, they are pretty utilitarian but definitely not ugly. I love the way they look with a pair of jeans or my sweats. They give a really good active look to any casual or outdoorsy outfit. Most importantly, they help me walk a lot farther without pain or injury. Will definitely buy another pair to rotate between so I can keep them from wearing out on me.    ","      Toca no basarce en el tallaje de la tabla, pedí unas 8.5 basándome en la tabla de la descripción y terminando siendo mucho más grande, las 8.5 son de 25.5 cm    ","      I originally bought my normal size, 9.5. After a couple days of walking around the house, it was clear that I needed to size up. I returned the 9.5 and bought size 10. I've put several miles on them and they've done very well. Get the right size and give yourself some time to break them in before you wear them for long walks or hikes.    ","      I was researching for a wide foot boot and came across this boot. Wide feet shoes are difficult to find for women so the products out there are few and expensive! These boots were a really fair price for the quality, arrived quickly and feel absolutely amazing! I ordered a size up to allow room for expansion and I am glad I did this. Highly recommend these for avid wide feet hikers!    ","      para hacer senderismo en tierra suelta y con piedras no son buenos, son resbaladizos, la talla es correcta y son cómodos    ","      I ordered a pair of the same type of shoe last week, and it fit perfectly.  This pair is much smaller.Same size    ","      I usually wear a 9.5 runner but wanted to use these with winter socks. Ordered a size 10 and it fits perfectly! Will likely order another pair I like it so much! Totally recommend    ","      I wore these for a week hiking on various trails in the Blue Ridge mountains. No matter how tightly I tied the boots I couldn't not get to the point where I felt the ankle support was secure. More than once on a rocky trail I was afraid I had injured my ankle. And going down hill in these boots is an experience. I ordered the size I normally wear and maybe I needed half a size down. My foot would slide all over the place while going at an incline it felt so unstable. The tongue also likes to flip out no matter what technique I used to tie. I previously had Timberland White Ledge mid boots and they felt so much sturdier. I will absolutely go back to those at the first chance I get.I almost feel like it needs another lace hook at the very top. It really just doesn't feel sturdy around my ankles.Pros - comfortable on flat paths, waterproof to an extent. I had no issues when they got a bit wet from a shallow creek crossing. Cool purple tread. Price was good, got them on sale    ","      Good support and look nice too    ","      I bought these hiking boots in lieu of snow boots for the Tahoe trips I took this year. I wanted something multi-purpose that I could also hike in, and while I have yet to go on an intense, inclined hike, these for sure do well for long walks through snow, ice, mud, and gravel alike.The best call I made was wearing these for a day around my office just to get a feel for them and break them in. As some other reviewers mentioned, there was a bit of a bump over the toe-box that had me worried about them. I also tend to go anywhere from 5.5-6.5 shoe-wise, and erred towards the larger size originally, but 6.5 ended up being too large for me. I could tell because even wearing my hiking socks, my feet would shift ever so slightly and I was more worried about that \"bump\" rubbing a sore into me. After exchanging for a size 6, the bump was still there up until the end of the first day of breaking them in (the first day of my first snowy Tahoe trip.) But by the next day, it was like the bump had melted away and since then these boots have been incredibly comfortable and supportive on my adventures!They showed their strength on my second Tahoe trip when we hoped to go snowshoeing, but there wasn't really enough snow to do that, so it ended up being a half-snow, half-mud hike through the snowshoeing trails. My feet weren't even sore by the end of the day, and they sure stayed dry even when sloshing through puddles and crunchy, deep snow.I'll update this review if anything changes, but until then, the main takeaway is that for a casual hiker that wants a multi-purpose boot, these are wonderful value, quality, and comfort for the price!    ","      Çok güzel bir ürün memnun kaldım    ","      I took off one star because they do hurt my ankles.  As I walk, the tops put pressure and bruise my ankles. I expected this was likely since I don't normally wear high top shoes, so it's not a deal-breaker. If I wore them a lot, they would no longer bruise me.  I am still very happy with these boots!  My husband and I (we are in our mid-50's) hiked several miles over about 3 days during our Fall color New York/Canada trip last month.  The terrain was wet and muddy but fairly flat. I also wore them on the Hornblower, getting very close to Niagara Falls.  Once, the water washed up onto the boat deck and onto my feet, and I didn't even feel it!  (I had sprayed my new boots with 2 coats of Scotchguard before the trip; I'm a make-sure kind of gal.  I also had on Frogg Togg rain pants.) But my feet never got close to being wet.About the big toe crease pain - I felt it immediately! But because of these reviews, I expected it.  I wore them around the house for a couple of days before the trip, sticking moleskin to the top of my big toe where it hurt.  Also, wearing wool-blend socks helped a lot because they're thicker. By the time I took my first hike, I no longer had any pain even without the moleskin and then in cotton socks! I was so happy I had stuck with them.  Why?  I wear a size 5, sometimes smaller.  That makes hiking boots hard to find, and I like Columbia brand, and didn't want to pay an outrageous price at an outdoors store to get them fitted to my feet.  I was really hoping these worked.Fortunately the weather was rather cold; I would definitely not wear these shoes in hot or warm weather, sad to say.  With the exercise of walking a lot, at one point my feet got so hot I had to change shoes; fortunately I had brought others after reading some people found them hot.Thank you for the reviews!!    ","      Anfangs hatte ich ein relativ gutes Tragegefühl... mittlerweile kann ich nach mehrmaligen Spaziergängen sagen, dass der Schuh auf nassen Wiesen NICHT wasserdicht ist. Außerdem schmerzen inzwischen die Füße, da der Schuhe wohl zu steif ist. Schade :-(    ","      Very lightweight, great color. Would suggest wearing taller socks or pants that cover your ankles, just so the material doesn’t rub against your leg during your hike. Stay in place, could have gotten a half size smaller for length aspect of fit, but the shoe stays in place without issue    ","      I have these boots in black/poppy red and they're my favorite shoes. They're comfortable for day hikes and everyday wear. I've never submerged them in water fully but they tolerate rain and puddles well. They're easy to break in and very comfortable once they are broken in. I bought a second pair in elk tan/teal so I can always have a backup pair in my car.    ","      I really like it.    ","      I wear a size 9.5-8.5 shoe. Usually 9.5 for running shoes, 9 for normal shoes and 8.5 for flats or heels. I ordered a 9.5 first. Was way too big and slipping at the back. I was also extremely disappointed immediately upon opening, that they were obviously used. The shoes had at least three areas of obvious white scuffs on them. They also had faint creases at the toe box indicating someone wore them a decent amount. The box they came in was not the original Columbia box but an Amazon box. The shoes were untied and did not have the paper inside them like a new pair would. I ordered new for full price. I was not happy. Should’ve said used/been priced appropriately cheaper… Needless to say I returned them 5 minutes after receiving them. I exchanged for a size 9 and luckily they were brand new this time and fit much better. I can’t wait to use them to hike and walk the dogs. The exchange process was super easy luckily. Amazon made it right.    ","      ***2nd Update- it's been 3 years and these boots are still going strong! I have recommended them to everyone I know who has even a semi-active lifestyle. I wear them probably 5 times a week and there are no soft spots on the soles, no thread tears/holes. They still look fantastic.Over the course of 7 days, my husband and I walked 96 miles at Disney World. My sneakers gave me blisters halfway through Day 1. I switched to these boots and, while I didn't win any beauty contest for wearing shorts and boots, I did save myself and my feet from a lot of pain!**Update- Well, I've had these for seven months and they've become my everyday work shoe. I originally bought them for a month-long trip to Europe; my feet are usually very easily blistered, but even after a month of endless walking, I never once even had sore feet. When I got home from the trip, I started wearing them to work. I love that they give so much support without looking like a clunky hiking boot. I can't recommend this enough, best purchase of 2017.**I want to start off by saying that these are the first pair of hiking boots I've ever owned--so I have nothing to compare them to other than regular tennis shoes. I bought these in my true size despite some reviews saying to buy a size up--but these fit perfectly so it worked out great. I wear padded hiking crew socks with these and there's enough room in the shoes without getting that \"too tight\" feeling.The first day I wore them, my ankles were sore and I nearly returned them but then I discovered that there are different lacing techniques to fix this problem, so I tried the Heel Lock technique and it completely fixed the problem.There was no break-in period, the shoes have been comfortable since day 1 and, as long as you are wearing the right socks, the back doesn't rub and blister the backs of your ankles. I haven't submerged them to test out the waterproof claim, but it rains a lot where I live and my feet are never wet after trudging through rain puddles.Very happy with the purchase and I highly recommend these shoes    ","      I like them. They aren't the most comfortable shoes I own, but then again, I pretty much only wear Hokas. I can keep these on for long periods of hiking. I had really bad ankle instability, and these boots keep me on the straight and narrow while I hike on gravel. They are true to size (AKA Don't go up half a size), and fit fine even when I put my prescription orthotics in them. I really do like them. If they had cushioning like Hokas, I'd be in love (these were about $130 cheaper than Hoka boots)    ","      These shoes have been a really good purchase for me. They fit and they are comfortable. They are a bit stiff when I first put them on, then once they warm up they are pliable and very comfortable. The soles are stiff enough to handle rocky trails but are not too stiff to walk on the sidewalk. Great purchase. I'd buy them again if needed.    ","      No break in love this boot    ","      Even though I really wanted to like this boot I found that it just didn’t fit correctly. The boots appeared comfortable, waterproof, and rugged. Unfortunately… The boots were a little too narrow, a little too wide in the heel, and left my poor toes feeling squished. I don’t know if it is the boot, or just the shape of my foot. In either case it appears that I am returning to the good old drawing board.    ","      These shoes are amazing, durable, definitely waterproof, hiked so many times on extremely rough terrains and it did it’s job. Great grip, better than expected on slippery ice. Not the easiest shoe to put micro spikes on in freezing weather, but works. I had a problem of my ankle twisting with most shoes, which I know is my own problem and this shoe 100% fixed it. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because the fit is a little weird above my ankle, even when it’s properly tightened. And you need thick socks for these if you have relatively sensitive skin, I got hives after using it the first couple of times ( not shoe cuts, but hives for the material)Overall a really good shoe. Comfortable sole, long lasting. My legs never feel like they were in a shoe after wearing them all day.Update:it’s been a really long time since I got these shoes, or maybe I hiked aloooooot. Definitely several hundred miles in these. I’ve hiked several summits,water and really rough roads. It’s kinda worn out and gotten dirty, but the grip is still amazing, still water proof. Very stable and haven’t hurt my ankle even once. I prefer not putting the top hoop when I lace up and it’s still very sturdy on the legs. Definitely the best pair I’ve gotten    ","      I bought these just before a trip to Scotland - I was kicking myself for not breaking them in earlier, but they were totally fine despite the amount we hiked!! So comfortable, durable, well made. Resistant against the mud and supportive. I love these boots!    ","      Pedí un color, luego el producto en pedidos cambió a otro, marrón, y finalmente me llegó negro......  tirón de orejas a Amazon.  Como fue un regalo la destinataria no lo va a cambiar.Por lo demás , parecen unas buenas botas a buen precio. La talla la esperada.    ","      No las compré para senderismo jeje sino para caminar (por mi trabajo hago trabajo de campo) y son una maravilla. Muy cómodas y sí son impermeables. Siento que me quedaron medio número más grande de lo normal, pero no me molesta. Valen cada peso.    ","      I bought them to wear on my trip to Ireland. We did alot of walking in Galway . The boot provided good support going over miles of jagged rocks on the way see: the famous worm hole and the Dun Angus fort on Innishmore n the Cliffs of Moher. The boot is comfortable, not horribly heavy.  I reccomend the boot. For this trip It held up well to a good amount of abusive terrain.    ","      Second Pair.  As soon as you put them on you are good to go, unbelievable for a boot, no break-in!  Super lightweight and comfortable. I wanted a boot I could use for work as well, I work at UPS, and I'm on my feet all day but did not want a bulky work boot. Well-made boot, I sprayed water repellant on for wet days and snow when needed.  Well worth the purchase, my first pair lasted for two years (actually there still in good shape). :)    ","      Nice casual boot for running errands and more.    ","      I like these boots so much I bought a second pair. Comfortable from day 1.    ","      I bought these since my hiking sneakers were trashed.I originally ordered a women’s 10US and 10.5US through Amazon Prime wardrobe because reviews were conflicting about sizing up or true to size. However I decided to keep the 10 and send back the 10.5; size 10 is my typical size.I noticed some people had mentioned a bend in the toe box when you walk in them that is very uncomfortable and I noticed this too in the 10.5, whereas the 10 fit just right and leaves an eentsy bit of toe space for wide foot women like me. So I’d recommend true to size!!I’ve worn them to break them in, though they didn’t really need it, and on one hike where they held up to the waterproof claim and the only sign of water was a cool sensation through the boot. They did well in Hawaii mud and dirt, but I did slip at one point on a wet rock and I felt perhaps the soles should’ve gripped a bit better. Overall I’d say 4/5 because they’re not supremely comfortable and are sort of boxy. But they do the job well for the fair price point, and are stylishly designed. Five stars would’ve been a slightly more refined (fluffy and less clunky) interior and better gripping soles.    ","      perfect for hiking, keep your feet dry and warm    ","      The Columbia Newton Ridge Plus are a very good quality fall/winter hiking boots that performs well on trails, but can look great also in casual looks.I love to hike and I need good quality boots to keep my feet warm and safe. The first time I wore them, I took them on a 3 hour trail walk. Leather shoes usually need some time to break them in, but these were very comfortable from the beginning. I also wore them for a 4 days trip in the Yosemite Valley, in the winter. They kept my feet warm (with appropriate stockings) and dry in both rain and snow. I did lots of hiking and my feet did not hurt at all. The boots are very lightweight, while looking a little bulky (I like this look). On icy surfaces they are a little slippery.The boots look very nice and I can also wear them in the city without looking like I'm on a hike. It's quite a nice styling piece with jeans or leggings (although I wear them with casual skirts/dresses as well).The boots fit me as expected (I wear 7.5 but I bought them in size 8 to be able to wear thicker socks in the winter). With very thin socks I could wear a 7. I have a medium width foot and these are perfectly fitted, maybe a little too fitted with thick socks; if you have even slightly wide fit I would recommend a wider size, since the construction of the boots doesn't allow flexibility.March 2018 update (after December 2016 purchase): The leather shows after one year some wear, but otherwise the hiking boots lasted very well in time (the sole shows minimal signs of wear). These boots protected me from cold and water in many hikes and vacations; I just love them more and more. I would repurchase them again when they'll be all used up and beaten up. Pictures are taken recently.    ","      Tried these bad boys out for the first time today in order to give an honest review. I hiked 2.9 miles through rocky and uneven terrain. They fit so comfortably and provided me with so much ankle support I didn’t appreciate until today. I really recommend for so many reasons & they’re cute too!When it came down to it I didn’t know what to size to get so I just ordered what I normally wear in gym shoes which is 8. I have narrow feetThey fit really good. So don’t be afraid to order your exact size but if you like extra space in your shoe size up a half.I hope this helps!    ","      These boots are incredible, very comfortable and fully waterproof. They felt sturdy and have good grip. I wear them every day on the farm and would 100% purchase again. I have recommended them to my friends.    ","      Ordered this the same time I ordered 2 other brands. I was looking for work boots for outside. I found what I was looking for, but these are so comfortable I decided to keep them.    ","      I bought it to my son, he is very pleased with it    ","      Very comfortable. Never had waterproof before and will probably never buy hiking boots without again. I added inserts because on feet constantly and plenty of room without being tight. Used for outside work at a nursery where was watering plants constantly and always kept feet dry.    ","      Great boot.    ","      Me compre estas botas hace unas semanas. Las use para senderimos y fueron perfectas. El grip es muy bueno, son muy comodas y el tamaño es perfecto. Este sabado las use para montañismo (alta montaña) y escalada y no fueron TAN buenas. Me funcionaron pero si hay que decir que son para SENDERISMO.Use mi talla normal de zapato y me quedaron perfecto con calcetín grueso de esquiar. No es necesario pedir talla mas grande.Las seguiré usando para mis siguientes escaladas pues si están muy buenas. Pero si pude ver la diferencia en su función durante una caminata de senderismo y una escalda y definitivamente son para sendererismo.    ","      parfait, bon produit et livraison dans les délais    ","      I'm not sure if it's Amazon who sizes these or Columbia, but I have yet to meet a woman who couldn't agree that no matter what a woman wears, every brand fits differently. Apparently we don't have a right to have a size to just find out and stick with across brands. Not that that's news to anyone. It's either pick a brand and stick with it or just constantly have to try on everything. Well, buying on line it not woman friendly (normally, but more on that later). I've had to return 3 pairs of shoes. One that I bought in my \"usual\" boot \"size\" going a half size up per instruction from the seller because of the insulator built inside the shoe. That was a different brand. They were massive. The other's were two of these Columbia's, where I went with the website description for sizes and have now returned two. Meanwhile, try finding a practical pair of shoes for a girl that doesn't cost an arm and a leg. I'm giving this item four stars. One less only because the description for sizes, which says I'm a 6.5 which I've never been except occasionally (and I mean very occasionally) for an extremely dainty lady shoes. Going with my standard 7 for average every day shoes, to a 7.5. I bought a whole size up from what the website described. The other four stars are a mark for quality, which Columbia aspires to have, price, and as a humongous and much needed thank you for your free returns on many items found under the Prime name. What's a girl to do? I found it annoying, but worthwhile to be able to find shoes that were actually useful for a woman, and not have to worry that I would be stuck a. with shoes that were the wrong size or b. paying shipping 3+ times until I could find the right size. It seems like a waste of recourses, was my only complaint. But a mother who works can really appreciate the help. Thank you Amazon/Columbia!    ","      Columbia is a trusted brand in my book. I've always ordered a half size up to accommodate heavier socks for the colder weather. This new pair is not a disappointment. Wore them today for the first time on my regular three mile morning walk with my dogs and it was pouring rain the whole way. These Columbia Newton Ridge Plus held true. Kept my feet warm and dry. I highly recommend them!    ","      purely a personal note, I was not happy with fit and toe design.  But overall they are decent shoes for what I use them for.    ","      They are absolutely perfect. Confortable since the very first time. I use them for long walking sessions with my dog. Highly recommended.    ","      I am truly satisfied with my purchase. I have hiked almost 1200 steps (4.5 miles) in one day. It was comfortable, true size, light weighted, and I had no foot blister at the end of the day. I purchased the black version. It is beautiful and fashionable.    ","      I have worn these a few times hiking and they are wonderful.  I don't slip on the rocks and I feel like my foot is supported.  Must wear over the ankle socks or the tongue rubs but these are perfect otherwise.  Good to go for general walks in as well.    ","      Let me start out with: THESE ARE AMAZING BOOTS and YOU CAN'T GO WRONG WITH THESE BOOTS. These boots held up against all different types of climates and weather and water on my road trip and they still look great! We went to Arizona, Utah, Nevada; the Grand Canyon, Joshua Tree, Zion, Salt Lake. We went through water, dessert, rain, and mud, and these boots held it fine. The only thing we didn't go through was snow, because apparently even though we Californians were freezing our butts off already, the locals said the weather was actually great, and that the colder weather and storms were actually late this year xD.Anyways, these boots were extremely lightweight and required almost no breaking in. My friend had some HiTech hiking boots and she said these Columbia boots were a lot lighter than hers. They were so extremely comfortable and easy to walk in. The size fits as expected if you go a half size up, and walking through the river, it kept my feet nice and dry. I think it would definitely keep you dry, but remember only as far as the shoe goes will it keep you dry lol. They've also got amazing grip. Whether we were on wet stones, or gravelly and sand covered rocks that could easily give way and make you slip or fall they worked amazingly.    ","      By far the best boots ever. I have hiked all over Colorado and all the way across the Grand Canyon and I LOVE these boots. Extremely comfortable and has a wider toe box, which I like. I’m ordering a second pair in black to wear while working below the wing at the airport!    ","      They fit as expected with my typical shoe size although you may want to add an insert if you have high arches like me. I was hiking through puddles, mud, and rain and the insides stayed entirely dry! My only problem is that it's a bit difficult to get the mud off the outside of the boots. It's definitely worth the cost.    ","      Pues hasta hoy estoy encantada, tengo un dolor en la cadera y me recomendó su uso la ortopedista, las uso hasta para estar en casa pues me disminuye el dolor, me dijo que lo que hacen es lograr que se mantenga una postura correcta    ","      These hiking boots were great for an outdoors vacation that was often rainy. A little heavier than I'm used to but so durable that they made it home and I'm still wearing them.    ","      Love these! They’re very nice—heavy in a good way. The color is as expected and they fit very well. (Note: My shoe size ranges between an 9.5 and a 10. I first bought these in a 9.5 after looking at the size chart, but I hadn’t taken the inside padding into consideration. The 9.5 size was too small, but the 10 is perfect, so if you’re unsure which size to get, I suggest going with the larger one.)The insole is very firm, but I took them on a long 30-minute walk to break them in before I hike with them and it turns out that the firmness is just right! They didn’t hurt my feet at all during my first time wearing them! And they’re waterproof, so I had fun splashing in some puddles! They will also be super easy to clean if I get mud or dust on them, since the outside material is like a plastic-y texture (I’m not sure exactly what it is.)I have yet to use them to hike (for hours), so if I need to update this review, I will once I wear them in more challenging conditions. But so far, so good!    ","      These boots do not have the Columbia quality that I have come to expect. They materials they are made from are quite cheap, the sole is not attractive and there are glue lines around the toe area. My sister is a Columbia shopper and I showed them to her and she was quite surprised. They aren't comfortable. At the time I was a bit desperate because I needed something to wear in the rain so I kept them. I would advise those who want Columbia quality to go to the Columbia site.    ","      I did a hike of 27 miles, all the way to Pikes Peak. Boots are comfortable and  I did not  get any blister.    ","      I just received these boots today-they came in exactly 2 days  as promised so that was great since we are going on a big hike tomorrow.  They don't look like the leather I am used to like real heavy duty leather. They look more like a leather blend since they are so light and thin.  I tried them on and they fit well but I don't feel any cushion at all -just feels like I am standing on a hard wood floor. Maybe once I start walking and they break in I will feel some bounce.  I will let you know after the hike how they performed.  I am hoping the \"energy return\"  part will come through......ok I am back to complete the review after the hike....I have to say I give these 5 stars now...they came through with exactly what they say they do-very comfortable, a good size toe box and very lightweight.  I felt like an astronaut wearing them but they provided the support and cushioning they claimed, although I couldn't really feel the cushion inside the boot there was no fatigue at all after a 5 mile hike.  These boots win my vote!  I def recommend-oh and they stayed tied the whole way!    ","      I love these boots so much that I finally bought a second pair. My other ones were so comfortable and lasted almost 8 years.    ","      Wore these on a hike and couldnt even feel the rocks and twigs underfoot. They are like walking on a cloud. They are so very warm. I know these will keep my feet warm and dry on any trail.    ","      The first time I wore these I climbed Mt. Ha Ling in Alberta in March. Around 7500ft and minus 30 at the top, all snow and ice. I’m 5ft 3” and 100lbs and I’m always FREEZING. I did ALOT of research before buying and I first bought size 7 but exchanged for size 7.5 (I recommend sizing up by a half!). I paired them with a pair of carhart thermal socks and I couldn’t recommend a shoe more! Not once did my feet hurt, or get wet or get cold and we hiked for 4 hours!! I was willing to spend hundreds of dollars to avoid getting cold but I’m SO glad I went with these! They have lasted really well and are my go to winter hiking boot!    ","      Me encantaron estas botas para viajar, son ligeras y se ve que resisten mucho todos los elementos. El precio me pareció muy bueno por la marca. Generalmente soy talla 25.5 pero pedí 26 y me quedaron muy bien (con espacio para los calcetines de lana que luego son muy gruesos). Muy recomendadas.    ","      I purchased these boots to hike the highest peak in the Caribbean: 3090m. Super steep inclines, rocky trails, muddy trails and slippery river rocks.Pros:Absolutely waterproof. They held through light rain and big messy puddles of mud.Sturdy: I sprained my left ankle a couple years back so the height of the boot was perfect to protect my ankles from bending when stepping on irregular trails.Warm: Super warm! They will keep your feet nice and warm.Cons:A bit too sturdy. Found myself with more than 5 blisters but I blame this on not breaking them in properly and using very bad socks.They sides started to \"unstick\" a bit. I figure they will hold two more strong hikes and then fall apart eventually.Conclusion: Great value for the price.    ","      I ordered these boots because they looked similar to ones I’ve had for many years and was pleasantly surprised that they were exactly the same.  I love them!    ","      I searched multiple stores and tried on over 15 different hiking boots in multiple sizes and styles. I finally decided on this Columbia boot, and ordered it through Amazon because it was a good price and the color I wanted. This boot was perfect! It was comfortable to wear immediately and did not require a lengthy breaking in period. I wore it on the plane and then hiked Maui... it survived the sharp rocks of the lava fields and mud and slippery rocks of the waterfalls. It was truly waterproof in the rainforest and had good grip and ankle support. I have a large toe box, band it gave my feet plenty of space, yet it was also supportive for my arches.    ","      Hab sie jetzt das zweite Mal zum wandern angehabt. Kein Drücken, kein Zwacken. Super dicht und bequem. Liebe sie    ","      I just bought my second pair of these boots. My first pair was 5 years old but still waterproof and with plenty of tread, but I wanted another pair in case Columbia decided to stop making these. I hope they don't! I really, really like these boots. They're comfortable right out of the box, have good traction, and are waterproof. I live in Michigan and walk a couple miles for exercise every day, so in the winter I need good boots. Just before winter each year I treat the boots with one or two separate coats of silicone spray, and that's it. After that they're ready to go.P.S. I buy a half size larger than my shoe size and that's perfect for Smartwool socks.    ","      I'm delighted!  I first bought a size larger than  I usually wear, a size12 for women  (I  usually have to buy a men's size) and I had a little  of  the  toe box pain that  many  reviews  complained  about, from the bend in the  upper shoe pressing on the big  toe.  I also had chaffing  where the boot upper edge rubbed  on my lower leg.  So I needed  to return them, but  I  ordered a size  smaller, 11, (my usual size) and they perform wonderfully well. No toe discomfort, and no chaffing so far.  And there  is  enough  room in  the  toe box for steep down hill hiking.  I never thought 1 size down would  make such  a difference.  I'm so happy these  came in my size, and didn't  have to go to men's boots.  The fit is so much better!    ","      I love everything about the shoes. TheyAre comfortable, light & they fit Perfect. I’m wearing them with compression socks as I am going on a long flight. Been wearing them for about an hour now they feel wonderful. I will take them on a long walk And revise my review if there’s any issues.    ","      They fit well, they are sturdy but not so heavy, and the water resistance works well    ","      They are a lot harder than I expected, basically no sole just feels like you're walking on hard plastic. The Columbia brand seems to have lost quality over the years.    ","      I wanted to get these boots for hiking!Absolutely love them, very comfortable, and look beautiful. They fit as expected 👍🏼    ","      I love these boots! I ordered a half size up to accommodate heavy socks and insoles. They fit & look great. Comfortable fit & great support at ankle & sole for hiking.    ","      I bought Columbia Women's Newton Ridge Plus Waterproof Hiking Boot, size 10.5I have trouble finding a good fit in boots as one of my feet is size 10.5 and the other is size 10.I bought the 10.5 and thick wool socks and this is working.I have not tested the waterproof component; cannot attest to that.  The high-traction grip on the sole works well in rocky and sandy desert terrain.  They do seem cooler than my last hiking boots but I've only used these with wool socks so that may have something to do with how comfortable they feel.  I'm happy to say my feet don't ache after wearing these.One reason I selected these is I was determined to pay under $100 as I'm not doing hard-core cross-country backpacking here, just long desert day-hikes with occasional surprise thunderstorms.  And for the price I am satisfied with these boots.  The quality seems very good, probably better than all the other shoes I own.  They are thick enough that I feel I have at least some protection against the rattlesnakes.  If you can buy them for under $100 I'd say go for it.  It's worth it.    ","      Great shoes to wear walking all day at work.  No complaints, would definitely buy these again!    ","      I am new to hiking and researched several brands and types of hiking boots before purchasing these.  I’m very pleased!  I typically wear a 9.5 but ordered a 10 in these and the fit is perfect.  I tried them on out of the box and wore them around the house for about 2 hours, then the next day took them on a 4 mile hike.  I wore wool hiking socks and my feet were comfortable the whole time with no issues.  Even walking through thick mud twice, feet remained dry.  I did read the reviews about the toe box issue so was aware I may experience the same; I can definitely see what people are talking about but it was not an issue for me and the shoe did not rub my toes at all.  Maybe it’s because I ordered a half size up?  Overall I’m happy with these boots and would recommend.  I’m looking forward to hiking in them in 2021!    ","      I’m just use it for my trip to Iceland..they are so comfortable and really water proof …love them    ","      These boots were exactly what I needed! These boots have successfully seen me through several miles in the Grand Canyon, Big Bend, and Guadalupe. For reference, I am by no means a professional hiker, usually a max of 4-7 mile in a day. I purchased these in July for the Grand Canyon, and despite other reviews warning to break them in first, they went right to work. No blisters or problems to speak of. As other reviews have said, the toe box does feel tight but only with initial use. Now, over 6 months later, everything feels great and no toe box concerns at all. While I haven't tried total submersion, they successfully helped me cross several rivers (less than ankle deep) without any issue.    ","      Fit is as expected. Not overly comfortable and definitely NOT waterproof (see my wet socks after a walk in the wet grass - not even in the rain). They are ok for this time of year but would be no good in the winter. I would descibe them as entry level walking boots    ","      They seem well-made and look nice. But there is basically no cushioning, which seems important in a hiking boot. When I added padded insoles they were too tight against the top of my foot, so I returned them.    ","      I bought these to hike in the Galápagos Islands.  They are light weight and kept my feet dry and warm as we went in the cooler time of year.  Great purchase.    ","      Broke these bad boys in by doing a 15 mile backpacking trip in thick mud! They kept my feet warm, dry, and comfortable. I was anticipating a handful of blisters by making the bold move of wearing them for the first time on a 15 miler but I escaped blister free. I was a bit worried about black being too hot since they have very little ventilation but I was super thankful for no mesh while trudging through the mud. I usually wear an 8.5 shoe but I order a half size bigger for my hiking shoes and they fit me true to size.    ","      Too hot    ","      They're a bit tighter, and stiffer than my previous pair.  I bought the dark brown 4ish years ago.  They're holding up well, but I wanted them in grey too.  The grey pair seems smaller and stiffer. Maybe it's years of wear, but i don't remember having to break in my first pair.  I noticed in my winter boots, the first pair fit well, and the second was tighter.  The first was made in Vietnam, and the second in China.    ","      No need to break in.  True water proof and comfortable.    ","      When the upper of one of my beloved 2012 Newton Ridge boots separated from the sole I replaced them with 2019 Newton Ridge in pretty much the same color and I paid on ly $20 more.  I really can't complain since the old ones were closing in on 7 years old, had more than 1,000 miles on them, were worn as snow boots the first year and stored in my car's trunk most of the time.  I'm not a gung-ho type of hiker, I'm 60 years old, I live and hike in pretty flat terrain and I don't do any technical hikes any more.  I have a wide-ish flat foot, measure a 6.5 and normally order an 8 which is what I got in these new pair.  I wore them around the house for 2 weeks then took a short 5 mile break-in hike this past weekend.  So far so good, they performed just as well as the old pair, handled mud and water with ease with no ankle rubbing and a minimal amount of rubbing on my pinky toe.  The toe box feels great with only 1 pair of socks and will hopefully feel the same this winter with 2 pairs of socks.  So far I'm very pleased with my purchase and I'm looking forward to hiking in them this Fall.    ","      My first pair of hiking boots were perfect.Bought them for my vacation in Colorado.  Hiked for 6 straight days in the Rocky  Mountains and very happy with lightness, yet protection boots provided.    ","      Loved the look and comfort of this hiking boot. I bought these for our trip to Alaska and they were awesome on hikes and in the mud and rain.    ","      I walk all day at work, been wearing these for over 2 years and they are still comfortable, I just bought another pair because they went on sale and I have a back up if these ever fall apart, which I do not see happening anytime soon.    ","      bien todo    ","      This hiking shoes were perfect. I love the Columbia brand. It has never fails me. I bought them for a trip to Alaska and worked perfect. This shoes are super comfortable.    ","      Ich habe einen Schuh, speziell für die Regentage mit Pfützen und nassem Gras, gesucht und gefunden. Er ist zudem relativ leicht und lässt sich wegen des Glattleders gut pflegen.Optisch sieht er etwas zu sehr nach Kunststoff aus, aber das ist eher nebensächlich. Die \"Zunge\" dürfte etwas breiter sein.Übrigens bin ich den anderen Rezensionen gefolgt und habe die Schuhe eine Nr. größer bestellt, was sich als richtig erwiesen hat. Danke an dieser Stelle...    ","      Product was attractive. Shoes were firm not cushioned.  If both shoes felt the same size, I would have kept them.    ","      I feel safer wearing the boots instead of sneakers . I walked through tall dried  grass & did not get one sticker stuck in my socks 👏 They also clean up well ! I’m very happy with my purchase .    ","      I bought these boots in December of 2020 to wear to work so my feet would stay warm and dry. Being hiking boots, I also got them so that I would be comfortable wearing them for 8+ hours a day being on my feet most of that time. I work 5 days a week so they saw quite a bit of use.  They fit wonderfully, are comfortable, and definitely kept my feet warm and dry!HOWEVER!It has only been 5 months since I bought them and the glue along the side of the right boot where the fabric meets the rubber has let go, which lets in water. For how expensive they are, I expected them to last more than half a year. That is slightly disappointing.    ","      This is a very durable and light weight hiking boot.  While it did say it's water proof, I got caught in a torrential downpour hiking and my feet did not stay dry.  I'd recommend using a water proof repellant on them.    ","      I wore them for a short hike (3 miles) through semi-rugged terrain and the shoes were durable but lightweight. They were very comfortable for my first time wearing them.    ","      I like the boot, however the color (black) once worn the dust from the trails stick to the boot, causing it to look filthy even when brushed off.    ","      Had a pair that lasted me 5+ years for work and after normal wear and tear I bought same exact pair.    ","      Love these! Wore them every day for a week riding and fishing in Colorado this summer.  I was glad I read previous reviews. I ordered a half size bigger and the fit perfect.    ","      The shoes came on time with shipping but when I opened them, and tried them on. They fit great. I just was confused why they are dirty and I order them NEW, not used. I double checked and I got them brand new. Other than that shoes seem to be great.    ","      These hiking boots were very comfortable from the first time I wore them. I am a newbie hiker and I didn’t have to break them in. I felt they protected my feet and ankles well and they had good traction while I was on a variety of hiking trails. Highly recommend these boots.    ","      Very nice hiking boot. Fits well according to size chart. Will add a foot pad for added comfort. Looks very nice with jeans.    ","      These boots are great! My feet feel supported!    ","      I have worn Columbia brand boots for over 10 years and never had too many problems that I could not fix or workaround until I met this pair. Long story, short...I now have Achilles tendonitis after wearing this boot and I am now in a medical stabilizing boot for the 6th month as a result. Please wear something to protect your ankles when you wear these. Other than that...it's a dang good boot!    ","      These are my second pair of these boots and I love them. The first pair I wore right out of the box 16 miles round trip up Mt. LeConte and the second pair I wore right out of the box 23 miles on the Sheltowee. My feet feel happy and cushioned (under about 15 miles, after that I admit they start feeling bumpy rocks and such but that’s not really the boots’ fault). The first pair lasted me almost a year and I estimate I hiked 300 miles. If you’re a casual hiker these will last you a long time. If you’re a more experienced hiker, these will last quite a while and are priced well to replace.They are water resistant but don’t let water get over the top.They are not great summer boots if it’s really hot and humid because they don’t breathe as well as others - but they’re amazing winter boots.    ","      This is the third pair of these light weight hiking boots I've bought. I'm a medievac helicopter pilot in Colorado and fly and land all over the state. These are perfect for light weight, not too warm, waterproof, good sole and tread. They are not just great for flying and all the hospitals we go to but they are amazing for all the scene calls out in the wilderness when we have to navigate through rough hiking conditions to get the the patient and then help carry them back or lug gear. I really put these boots through the ringer and they stand up to the abuse. I'll definitely be getting more pairs as I wear the soles down.    ","      These are really nice boots, however, buyer beware…they are really narrow.    ","      The color scheme and look is so cute. They worked out amazing for my desert hike. I recommend them for new and experienced hikers.    ","      Por mí, cero estrellas pues no sé si el zapato es de mala o buena calidad como para calificarlos y para eso debo usarlos seguidos. Pero para lo que los queria le doy 1 estrella que tampoco merecen: Los compré porque en una tienda me medí unos y eran muy suaves y flexibles para el objetivo que los requiero, más no tenían el color que que necesitaba. Así que los busqué por este medio con el mismo modelo, características, marca, etc... y resultaron ser duros y tiesos. Nada que ver con los que vi y me medí en la tienda. Así que me pregunto si éstos serán originales🤔. Me temo que los voy a devolver ya que solo me los puse para probarlos y me lastimó mucho los pies. Los que me probé en la tienda reconfortaron mis pies, todo lo contrario a éstos.No los quiero..    ","      These work way better in the dewy morning grass than my old sneakers did. No more soggy, squishy feet    ","      These boots are absolutely amazing!! Worth every penny and I can't recommend them enough!!They fit a bit large for me but if you put on a thick hiking sock or get an insole, they fit perfectly. They are super light and sooo comfortable, I didn't get a single blister while wearing them. They're good to drive in as well.I got them for a last minute trip and wore them first on a day of about 6km of hiking (hills, forests, mud, etc.) and they were perfect. Wore them the next day for an 18km uphill climb in the mountains and returned with no blisters, no pain, 0 slips or falls, 100% dry feet. They are absolutely waterproof as well! I have worn them on my winter hikes as well and my feet stayed warm even when snow got into the boots, and I had no slips. They were probably one of my best purchases and I can only highly recommend them to others!    ","      Disclaimer: this was my first hike ever... I went a half size up taking into consideration the socks I was gonna wear. I tried the boots once when the package arrived but didn’t put them on til the day of the hike. My friends were concerned about me not trying them on prior to our 11 mile hike but tbh, I had no idea what I was getting myself into. Well, if you do the loop at Old Rag, it ends up being quite challenging. Bouldering, hiking, stepping on water, etc.. it was 40 degrees out and my feet never felt cold either. We walked through water and the boots proved to be waterproof.I know I have nothing to compare these shoes to but hey, for a first time hiker, I was super comfortable in them!    ","      I bought these last minute for a hiking trip.  I did not break them in before leaving and they are probably the most comfortable boot I've ever owned straight out of the box.  I did feel like they ran a skosh large but I was wearing thick socks so I didn't mind that.  I didn't get blisters or have any discomfort at all and highly recommend.    ","      Excellent!!    ","      These boots are amazing! Love them! At first I thought it was going to be a tight fit but nope!  Even with thick socks they're comfortable and easy to clean.  My first pair of hiking boots and I'm very pleased!    ","      I take a daily two mile walk around our farm.  There are lots of elevation changes.  I was getting tired of wet feet after a rain or heavy morning dew, so decided to try these.  I'm a man, but will often buy women's shoes, due to my narrow size 8 feet.  First the size... other's have recommended going a half size up, and I agree.  Usually the conversion from men's to women's is to add one and a half.  I went with a 10 and they fit perfectly.  I do not wear thick socks, so the size-up is not to accomodate such.  Just a factor in their sizing.  After a week of walking, they're both comfortable, but as importantly, completely waterproof.  Despite heavy dew up to my ankles, the interior stays dry.  I also appreciate the quick lace hooks so getting in and out is easy. Nice boots!    ","      Comfortable but sturdy and feel great. I walk miles a day and will really enjoy these boots    ","      Overall this is a decent. sturdy, waterproof shoe for a reasonable price.I needed a waterproof boot/shoe at a very reasonable price for the winter weather in upstate N.Y. (rain, mud, snow).I am a medium width and usually wear a 9 in a dress shoe and 9.5 in an athletic shoe.  However I need a shoe with a wide toe box.While this shoe does not have as narrow a toe box as many shoes on the market , it definitely does not have a wide toe box as others have mentioned in prior reviews (this is directed to those people who have and understand this need).  I cannot wear a wide width in shoes because it is just too wide/big for the rest of my foot.I ended up getting a 10.5 in these shoes and wear double socks (balega socks) to try to get them to fit.My feet do move around a bit in the shoes while walking, but the shoe is sturdy enough, so far, that I am able to walk with enough support on day hikes over woodsy terrain- but would not use these for any major hiking over very rough terrain.ProsThey have proved to be waterproof while walking my dog/hiking in rainy, muddy and snowy weather.They have kept my feet warm (with the double balega socks) in 30 degree, snowy weather even though they are not insulatedThey are sturdy and the fit is somewhat adjustable with the lacing systemThey do 'break in' a bit to allow me to use them even though the fit is not perfectConsIt does not have a wide toe box.There was pain in one foot, in the toe box area, while breaking in the shoe and occasionally recurs during extended use.The ankle area on the left shoe does not fit well (even though the right foot fits fine) and has caused blisters and pain- I have added some padding to alleviate it.    ","      Sneakers were hurting my legs and feet so I tried these boots and now I am pain free!    ","      These stay pretty warm in the winter and have plenty of room for a thick sock. I've worn them on warm days and they felt fine. I usually have trouble finding comfortable shoes due to my low arches and these feel great! I've been wearing them for a couple of months now. No toe crease issue, no foot pain! Really comfortable and supportive. Good on snow too.    ","      These hikers are a dream. They hold up in all types of terrain. They are attractive enough to wear in most settings. The fit is excellent- wide enough at the ball of the foot and narrow enough in the heel to hold tight. They are comfortable and light.My feet are \"combination last\" so I need this type of fit. They are medium at the front and narrower towards the heel. Size 8 has enough room so that my toes don't slam against the front when trotting down hill. A great hiker all in all.    ","      well made    ","      Lo compre para un regalo y quedó encantada le quedó muy bien,  la numeración es correcta.    ","      Buenísimas botas, las recomiendo y las compraria nuevente    ","      This was my second pair of these boots.  They hold up to my wear and tear.  Love them.    ","      These are great! They are super lightweight and comfortable. The sole isn’t slippery and grips well. I’ve only used them for a walk in the rain and haven’t taken them to a proper hike yet, but I’m impressed. I accidentally ordered a 8.5 instead of a 8, and it seems they’re exactly half a size bigger, which means they’re true to size. It will be perfect with warm socks in the winter.As others said, they are not as soft inside as other hiking boots. The sole is pretty flexible thought. My arches are neutral so I don’t feel that anything is missing for me.They are pretty narrow - as someone said before, if your feet are on the wider side - take the wide size. My feet at average width and these are snug.Shoe laces are a little stiff and are untying easily. Maybe I’ll replace them or buy one of these shoe lace pins.Overall - love them! They don’t look chonky and manly like other hiking boots.    ","      Great fit! Awesome color !    ","      Boots are definitely quality made. It is stiff when brand brand new so a break in period is due. I thought I was gonna have to send back but I wore them twice and now comfy as ever. I love the natural brown tones that pair with anything I wear. They ruff n rugged like I like but still girly and feminine. I feel like a mountain climbing chick when I wear them. Happy with my price too around $70 or so.    ","      Great shoe - I get a lot of compliments on them.  I loved my last pair so much, I bought the exact same shoe again!!  Comfortable, durable, and they are waterproof!  I stepped into a huge puddle and had to stand in it for a little while before I could step out of it - my feet were completely dry!  They even look nice enough with my work jeans and button-up shirts untucked to where I wear them to work every single day, and I work in upper-class retail - ha!  I highly recommend these shoes!    ","      The boots are very comfortable with a short break-in period.    ","      Bought these for my wife she loves them no complaints she walks every day no complaints    ","      Do NOT go up a half size! I always go up half a size from my sandals and dress shoes to my sneakers and boots. I did and they were too big (I could feel the crease on my toe like the other reviewers said) so I sent them back and ordered my real size and they are a perfect fit! I just moved to TN and we went for a hike two days this past week and they were incredibly sturdy, comfortable, and light weight! I have not gotten them wet yet, but I plan to wear them often! I look forward to buying more in different colors!    ","      Una vez usadas, me quedaron aproximadamente un número grande, usualmente soy 25.5 y las pedí 26 por el grueso de la calceta que se utiliza para alta montaña pero aún con esta me quedaban enormes, lo resolví poniéndoles plantillas. Las he ocupado para hacer rutas en el Iztaccihuatl, lo que implica piedras, lodo y nieve y en ningún momento se humedeció o me lastimó el pie. Apenas llevo un mes con ellas pero espero que duren bastante    ","      It was perfect- without breaking in!!!    ","      These boots fit great, however after the first use, the grommet holding the laces on the top fell out.  Not sure how to fix it.  Never had that happen with a pair of hiking boots before.    ","      I usually wear a 10, but followed advice to order a half size up and ordered 10.5 and they fit great! I've worn them for several hikes and they didn't even need broken in. I love that the laces have the hooks past the ankle, no need to fight to loosen laces when you're tired since they come right off after unlacing the hooks. I love the way the tops support your ankles from the side but don't go up as high in the back, allowing more free movement without fear of rolling your ankle. I've tested the waterproofness and found it to be safe to walk through some boggy areas and puddles, not that I'd go wading in them. I like that the soles are protective without being super thick and clunky, so you're still able to walk quietly through the woods. Overall I'm very pleased with these and look forward to many more hikes with them!    ","      I bought these to take to the Grand Canyon with me in January and they work great! We went through basically 3 season weather while doing that hike (snowy/icy winter, muddy spring, and dry/dusty summer) with these shoes on.I didn't have any issues with the fit, nothing chaffed on me and I have moderately wide feet.  I think the key is to wear proper socks to prevent blisters from forming and to also break them in before actually wearing them to go hiking.  I like that the shoes come up high enough to give me ankle support.The grip on the shoes was pretty decent.  I did slip a little on really icy patches but that is to be expected since these shoes don't have spikes that are specific for ice climbing. But, if you carefully navigate the ice patches with these shoes on, it gave a decent amount of grip for me to trek across.    ","      Took these babies on a 6 mile hike, brand new, because I walked right through my last pair of hiking shoes and these babies were broken in within the first 2 hours. They are stylish and comfy. Love them!    ","      I bought these boots for hiking and I am not disappointed. They resisted the water and were warm enough when walking in the snow. I highly recommend them. I have not had any blisters when I started using them. They are very comfortable. I have used them for over a month now hiking in wet and cold conditions, hiking steep mountains and woodlands, and they offered a great support for my feet and ankles no matter the terrain. They also have room for the toes to spread when climbing. I find they are a great value. They are the first hiking boots I ever owned despite being an avid hiker and I wish I had bought them before. I have worn them for day hikes only (not for longer overnight hiking). My size is 38 (7) and I bought 7 and they fit perfectly.    ","      I wonder why I waited so long to get a good pair of hiking boots! great value!    ","      Haven’t had them long, but they seem like a very nice boot.    ","      I am a size 6.5 and ordered a size 7 (since I was planning on wearing them with thick socks). They are lightweight, comfy,  easy to clean, and kept my feet warm. I wore these my whole trip to Peru in July. When we went to Machu Picchu it was super rainy and these shoes kept my feet warm as well as protected my feet from the endless puddles and from slipping on the steps. When we got back to the hotel, yeah my socks got wet (i had no umbrella and wore the cheap ponchos they were selling,) and they managed to still keep my feet warm, ( these shoes dried pretty quickly compared to the rest of my family who just wore normal tennis shoes and had to wear plastic bags as socks since their shoes were completely soaked). out of the whole family I was the only one wearing hiking boots and was told plenty of times about how I came prepared (I’ve told them what they should bring but they brushed me off, I digress..) these shoes were an amazing investment for my first set of hiking boots, I will wear them from now on when I go out on trails!:)    ","      I bought these shoes for my sister for Christmas in 2020 for work. She is a water plant operator and is in concrete floors for her 12 hr shifts. I'm getting ready to order her a new pair. They have held up well and she says they give her feet the much needed support that she needs.    ","      Many reviews mention the bend across the toe and it is true that the boot creases at your big toe but i didnt find this to be an issue for me. I wore them around the house and noticed it immediately and was concerned it was going to be an issue but after a bit I stopped noticing it and it hasnt been an issue at all. These are one of the most comfortable pair of shoes I own and i have been wearing them as my daily run around shoes.    ","      I wore these for the first time hiking in Yosemite. They were absolutely great and I'm happy with the purchase. Note to self and others: break them in a little before attempting a 20 mile sojourn. That being said these shoes made my stupidity not so unbearable. 10 out of 10 would buy them again!    ","      Comfortable and lightweight.    ","      Great hiking 🥾 boots, I walk for miles and I feel super comfortableEstas botas son bien confortables para ir a hiking se las recomiendo.    ","      I LOVE these hiking boots. I purchased these pretty last minute for our honeymoon in Oregon and I was not disappointed.I wore these EVERYWHERE on our trip. I even wore them under my wedding dress for our photoshoot being we did some hiking. Also, as a photographer myself I really needed something that was comfortable and highly water resistant. I took these hiking up mountains, through a shallow river, and walked along a few wet beaches and had no water in shoes.I usually wear a women’s size 10 but ordered a 10.5 just to be safe. I like the comfort of the 10.5 but probably could have gone with the 10 being the ones I got have some room in front of my toes.(Photos from our Instagram page — @shannonxaaron)    ","      I live in Colorado, I love to hike so I bought these and have been wearing them quite a bit for the last several months. I have several pairs of hiking shoes and this is my favorite pair. They were comfortable from day 1 but wearing thicker, hiking socks helped. Thinner socks caused a blister on the top of my toe the first hike. They have a great grip, are waterproof, snow proof and comfortable for hours. I wear them hiking on the trails and around town on snowy days. They aren't too heavy which is nice. I bought the black ones and they are always filthy after hiking but since they are waterproof they are easy to clean or rinse off. True to size too. I highly recommend.    ","      I bought these for work based on the positive reviews. These boots are so uncomfortable, I wore them for every day for months and they never got better. Probably best for narrow feet    ","      Ma deuxième paire de Colombia en 5 ans, j’adore le fit, elles sont durable, confortable et stylées. Je recommande vraiment!    ","      Only 4 stars because I have not yet given them the test of time to see how long they will hold up. Because of an allergy to plasticizers in rainboots, these poor things are getting super abuse on our farm. I.E., wearing through the deep rains, barn slosh, and horse and goat manure while cleaning stalls in our continuous rains since the shoes arrived. I have to say, so far, they really are water proof. Very comfy so far, right out of the box. Thinking of ordering another pair for hiking and going to town, horseback riding etc. Thank you to whomever for a good product. Hope they hold up. That is the one unknown and only reason I wouldn't give them 6 stars if I could. Really look nice too, for hiking boots.    ","      I do a lot of walking outside  in the winter. These boots keep my feet nice and warm and dry. I was excited that they required no break in period at all. I wear a size 7.5M, and it was suggested that I order a size 8, which I did. I do wear socks, and can even wear a thicker sock if necessary.    ","      A few people have written about the toe crease issue. I experienced the same thing for the first mile walking in these boots. After walking with them on another home, they didn't bother me anymore and keepy feet super dry and warm! Amazing and overall 5/5!    ","      Background: I work at a dog boarding facility, where I'm always on feet. I spend roughly 6 hours of my day walking dogs in the woods, along a trail by our facility. Whether it's 15 or 60 degrees, snowing, raining or sunshine, my dogs and I are out in it. At the end of a shift, I've usually walked 8-9 miles. I purchased these boots because with winter coming, I needed boots that would keep my feet warm, comfortable, and DRY.The boots fit true-to-size with enough room that you can wear thick socks if you need to, and still be comfortable. I like the mid-rise, not only does it provide a little extra support, but also keep ankle biters away from my ankles (just kidding!). The boots don't breathe very well, but since these will be fall/winter boots, that doesn't bother me too much since my feet are kept warm. The waterproofing has been the most useful, as I work in all weather and sometimes our fields will flood after heavy rain. Over the past few weeks of near-daily wear (and a few days of flooding), my feet are still dry! For $50, these have been a great purchase and I can see them lasting for seasons to come.    ","      Botas q están en perfecto estado y el talle queda impecable! Todo perfecto! 👌👌    ","      Ladies, if you’re looking for the perfect hiking boot, look no further! These are probably one of the best and most useful purchases I have ever made on Amazon. I’ve went on 3 hikes so far and these boots have kept my feet dry and comfortable. You will not regret it!    ","      Queste scarpe sono molto belle ma sono fatte di un materiale estremamente rigido e duro. Quando si piega il piede si crea una piega che scende e trancia le dita ad ogni passo, e non è piacevole. Sono a pianta estremamente stretta (il modello wide in Italia costa uno sproposito), ma sono più lunghe del normale.Le sconsiglio per il trekking, ma sono ottime scarpe invernali da città visto che puntano tutto sull'estetica e molto poco su confort e tecnica. Nel complesso comunque c'è di meglio in giro.    ","      I was hesitant to buy these because I already had some Merrell low top hiking sneakers that I love...but I was heading out on a snowshoe trip and needed something waterproof and high around the ankles. I unfortunately didn't have a whole lot of time to break them in before my trip which is a huge no-no.Despite all that, I really loved these boots and so glad that I bought them. My feet stayed dry and warm (along with the wool socks I wore) for the whole hike (about 4-5 hours) and they were also super comfy. I wore them around for the remainder of the weekend too around Yosemite and didn't get any blisters or soreness at all. Plus, they have a nice clean, sleek look to them. For as \"heavy duty\" as they feel, I think the design is pretty solid. I got a lot of compliments on them actually! For the price, I think they are definitely have great value, especially if you like to get outdoors and take on some more challenging hikes but aren't super hardcore about it. If you are an extreme hiker, maybe something more high-end would be better.    ","      I searched multiple websites and brands for hiking boots after I came back from my trip from Zion & Bryce Canyon.I love Columbia and read all of the mixed reviews for these boots. I decided to take a shot and trust Columbia. These boots are perfect- immediately out of the box they are comfortable and feel very durable on my feet and 'airy and light' like Im wearing a pair of sneakers but feel sturdy like a pair of doc marten work boots. its the best of both worlds. I am disappointed that the blue columbia logo is missing from the back (as it was in other peoples reviews).I will update this review again after I come back from my camping on Santa Cruz Island.Update 5/6/2019- I wore these boots to go camping on Santa Cruz Island this past weekend. Very comfortable and durable. Conformed to my feet and even after an 8 mile hike 20k steps later my feet were not tired. The next morning when I put them on they felt great. the grey color helped hide dirt. Very Comfortable!!!!!!    ","      I had to wear the hiking boots several times before writing an honest review.  When I first wore them on a hike I got a blister behind my right ankle.  I thought it was my socks so I bought a new pair.  What I did differently this time than what I did the last few times was I made sure my shoes were secured from toe to ankle.  Just by securing it made all of the difference and I did not get any blisters this time.  The insoles seem to be comfortable but I don’t use those as I use orthotics which fit perfectly in my hiking boots.  The shoes are lightweight and fit perfectly.  I would recommend these hiking boots based on my experience.  But remember I took our my insoles our and replaced with my orthotics.    ","      These hiking boots are fabulous if you walk for exercise. I walk 4.5 miles 5 to 6 days a week and just purchased my 2nd pair. The first pair lasted 2 years. All leather but light not heavy and cumbersome.    ","      Je mets 4 au lieu de 5 étoiles parce que je les ai juste essayé et pas encore fait de randonnée. J'ai très hâte ! Je viendrai vous redonner des nouvelles après ma première randonné ! Mais pour l'instant, pour le prix, très bonne qualité et paraisse de bonne qualité !    ","      While stiff at first, these shoes became my favorite in no time! I used them for roaming the outdoors, walking through streams, up rocky areas, and occasionally wore them to work. They were even my go to for horse back riding. Lasted a full four years before the seam separated. Very impressed and will buy them again!    ","      Bought this shoes for a hiking trip. I went hiking for over 7hrs in a row. This boots were more than comfortable. I went half size bigger and it was a great choice. Amaze by the quality and the price to be honest.    ","      I am a size 8 regular and size 8.5 running shoe. I was hesitant to buy shoes online so I went to a sporting goods store to try these on. They only had size 8 and they were on the snug side, so I thought I would be fine ordering a 8.5 (which is almost twenty bucks cheaper). They arrived today and I walked about, they are a taaad bit big so I can feel that \"toe crease\" others had complained about, but if I wear thick socks, I think I should be fine? I will continue to break them in and hopefully take them on some longer hikes in a few weeks, I'll update this review when I get a chance. Whatever the case, you save almost thirty dollars buying these on amazon versus in stores! Great deal.Update 11/11/14: so I went on some short hikes with these but chose to take my lighter, more comfortable running shoes on longer hikes. I do wish I ordered my normal size instead of sizing up. The toe crease is annoying. I did give these a try on a snowy hike in the Rockies and my feet stayed dry. I will keep these for potentially wettish hikes, but I'm going to search for lighter hiking shoes.    ","      Aún no las pruebo en campo pero se ven y sienten de buena calidad, además que la talla es perfecta, me queda un espacio necesario para que no me lastime pero no demasiado para sentirme incómoda. No tardaron nada en llegar a NL.Actualización: Son super cómodas en campo, ya he tenido varias excursiones y no me cansan nada ni me lastiman, fueron una super inversión    ","      Bought these for my wife to walk the dog. They’re are comfortable straight out the box but a big minus which defeats the purpose of having these kind of boots is that they’re not waterproof, even just walking in wet grass.    ","      I love these boots!!I read all the reviews and honestly I was nervous about them not fitting my feet comfortably due to the toe box concerns. But since Amazon has free returns on these, I gave them a try.I normally would wear 8.5 wide, but tried the size 9. When first put them on, I felt the toe box hit my big toe right on the nail/cuticle. But walked around in the house all day to give them a chance.They loosened up some, so I decided to keep them.Next day I went out with my Border Collie  on our daily hike.They broke in beautifully! Liam wanted to play in the water so they got wet- but my feet stayed dry inside. I have been wearing them all day long since.They are incredibly comfortable!!I want to snag another pair when there is a sale!    ","      Great hiking boot, very comfortable and easy to wear for all day hikes, walks in any weather. Love it when a brand is reliable and consistent that you can order one of their products online and you know it will fit and be a good quality.    ","      Las empecé a usar para el trabajo para probarlas y son cómodas y ligeras la talla la siento bien aunq se siente ligeramente flojas lo que es bueno ya que para cumbre se necesita calcetas más gruesas y quedarán perfecto, ha estado lloviendo y no eh tenido problemas con el agua, solo en piso de azulejo mojado resbala un poco pero se entiende por el tipo de suela.    ","      Very comfortable, ordered my normal size, fits great. This is my second pair, they definitely keep feet warm and dry.    ","      I'm a true women's size 8. Every shoe, boot, snowboard boot, or sandal I own is a size 8. So I purchased a size 8 in these boots. They arrived and after trying them on, I felt I had too much room to slide forward in the boot.  I wore hiking socks (moderate thickness) and took them on a two mile test hike when I first got them. Right away I noticed that the toe box was creasing and hitting the tops of my toes. I read the reviews and knew this was common, so I ignored it and thought it was a step of breaking in the boot - no big deal.  Ascending in my hike was a breeze, the traction on these boots is great, I could climb up steep dirt grades no problem. The issue was descending on my hike - my feet kept slipping forward in the boots causing them to hit the edges of the toe box. My pinky toe and heel developed a blister. I still kept the boots because my test hike beat them up too much to return. However, I have to wear three socks with them when I hike, in order to make them work. They are pretty water resistant.    ","      In my work I walk the whole shift, these boots fit me well in size, they are super comfortable and light, the best I have bought.  I recommend this product to 100%.    ","      Measuring my foot as mentioned would have had me wearing a size 9 -10. (I usually wear between an 8-9.) I ordered a few pairs a couple different times, and ended up with a size 7. These are great for flatter surfaces. Tight toes  caused me to get a Subungual hematomafrom the pressure when going down really steep slopes when up in the mountains.    ","      For the women that have big feet - these fit like a charm! I am an 11.5 W / 10 M and I ordered the size 12. Normally, when buying boots I have to get men’s sizes, and the width is way too big (makes me look like I have clown shoes). But these shoes are perfectly proportioned, and fit quite well, with enough room to wear a thick sock if needed. Overall, this is a good looking boot!Also - I have yet to go hiking in these and will update when I do so!    ","      Love the boot it's self, keeps feet dry, good for hiking. However, I did replace the insloes that had no support what so ever.    ","      Chaussures pour ma femme, prendre une demi taille en dessous de sa taille habituelle.  Chausures très confortables dès le 1er jour de marche, maintient bien la cheville, très bonne qualité.  Petit bémol, il faut impermeabimiser souvent.    ","      Vienen un poco grandes, tal vez compraría medio número abajo pero con unos calcetines gruesos se arregla. Muy cómodas.    ","      These boots are sturdy. I walked in water and mud and feet stayed dry. The color is a pretty neutral gray. The shoestrings are a good length. I got them for the twice a day, 30-45 mins walks with my Labrador in my neighborhood, which is riddled with uneven sidewalks. Unfortunately, these boots have ZERO arch support which is a huge problem for someone with high arches like me. I developed so much pain at the top of my feet that I had to go see the orthopedist and he diagnosed extensor tendonitis - ouch!    ","      These are great boots. I unfortunately ordered a half size up because I wear orthotics in all of my shoes. But there is too much room in them still…    ","      These boots are very comfortable straight out of the box and aren't very heavy. I can't comment on durability since i haven't had them for very long. But so far i love them!    ","      I like the look of boots for work, and these are comfortable enough for me to be on my feet all day long. I also wear them on light hikes. I have the black ones, but they are my second pair. I had been using the grey ones for work for a year or so, but they got stolen off my porch when I put them out to dry in the sun. So I got the exact same pair in black, but in hindsight, I should have gotten a half size smaller. I am a solid 7.5 in most shoes, sometimes an 8, but these feel a bit big in my regular 7.5. They are still super comfortable, just a tad roomier than I might have liked.    ","      I like this boot because it’s comfortable, has a nice toe box, and just right for mild hiking.  No arch support so I added an insert with an arch and a heel cup because of plantar fasciitis.  Worked well.  Normally, I wear a size 8 but ordered a 9 for extra length and thicker hiking socks.  Now I need  to use them for hiking Rocky Miuntains trails.    ","      La suela es muy buena, los he usado poco pero me han resultado muy buenos, apenas los probare en un clima con nieve así que esta por verse si en realidad son a prueba de agua, y el tamaño quedó un poco más grande de lo esperado pero les puse una plantilla y así los uso - estoy segura que un numero mas pequeño no me hubiera quedado. Son resistentes y el precio me pareció muy bueno porque lo encontré en oferta.    ","      I hike in Sequoia/Kings National Parks approximately once per month and needed some water-proof boots. I did a good bit of research looking for boots that would be practical for all conditions - dry or wet. These came to the top of my list based on reviews and my budget. I wore them for the first time this weekend on an 8-mile hike. First off, they fit like a dream! No \"new shoe blues\" at all, they were very comfortable all day. They provided great support too. The only negative so far is that they seemed minutely large... I normally wear 10 1/2-11, I ordered an 11 and only noticed the fit being slightly off when I was going downhill. My toes hurt a bit, not too bad, and not something that I think thicker socks won't fix. I also had to walk through several small streams (rock hopping, but inevitably I stepped in the water multiple times out of necessity to get across). My feet stayed dry the whole time. I'm going to be wearing these to the snow this week and will see how they hold up - so far, I am totally satisfied!    ","      È la terza volta che ordino questo prodotto, speranzosa ogni volta di poter ricevere il mio prodotto.3 ordini effettuati del numero 41, arrivate per 3 volte il numero 39. L’assistenza non ha saputo aiutarmi nei primi due ordini se non ovviamente procedendo con il reso giustamente. Merito delle spiegazioni, sembra una presa in giro.Sono senza parole.Sconsiglio a tutti questi prodotto    ","                                                                                                                                                                De media kon niet worden geladen.                                                                                           Fashionable , durable & nice fit.    ","      I am a true size 6, and all the reviews said to order up 1/2 a size. I didn’t have that option since there wasn’t a 6.5 available so I got the 6. It was a great fit even with thick wool socks and didn’t feel tight. I still have plenty of room that I can double up if need be; but not so loose that they would rub. There is zero break in period and even walking a ton these remain so comfortable. Fantastic purchase. Super cute with a pair of leggings as well- I’ve gotten a lot of compliments on them. 5 ✨    ","      These boots were exactly what I needed! They definitely needed to be worn in a bit, as they did bend in and press on my toes at first. But, after that part softened, I could seriously wear them all day. I love the cushioning around the ankle, I think it may have saved me a few times. I would definitely recommend these, in fact, I'm trying to get my husband to buy the men's version ☺️    ","      I was having problems with damage to my longest toenails, when hiking, so I purchased 2 sizes bigger. I have to tie them pretty tight, not to be loose, but really like them. This is my second pair of Columbia’s and I like them better than any other hiking boot or shoe I’ve tried. Definitely would buy them again.I feel like I have plenty of room for my toes, the width is slightly too big, but I did get two sizes bigger for hiking, seems to support my foot well.They take a little breaking in, but then are good to go!    ","      i really like these shoes. they give my ankles just a little more support. they seem to be waterproof. looking back i should have gotten them in the wide option. i have custom insoles that take up space in the toe box. but that is on me. even without the insoles the toe box is a little tight for me. i work at the zoo so i have given these shoes some challenges. next time ill just order them in wide for that extra room.    ","      👌    ","      I love these boots. The first day I wore them I took them on what was supposed to be a short day hike but we suddenly got ambitious and wound up hiking around 13 miles. I honestly did not think about my feet at all- a true testament to these boots! I'm usually a true size 7 and size 7 for these fit perfectly. Since that first day, they have been on several 10+ mile hiking trips with me and have held up well. I also wore them as snow boots over the course of a couple days this winter and they did fine in the snow too. I've walked through some shallow puddles and creeks but not deep enough to really tell how waterproof they are. My only complaint about these is that it is difficult to tightly lace them all the way up through the ankle. This doesn't bother me much but for someone looking for a high degree of ankle support you might run into some challenges. I love them though and fully recommend them- plus you can't beat the price.    ","      I've had the boots about 2 weeks and I wear them most days.  First, they're super cute.  I'm size 9.5 and I don't say that often, so it's noteworthy.  They are plenty large for thick hiking socks.  They're very light and comfortable.  There was not really a break in period, but they do continue to get more comfy every day.    ","      Muy buen calidad    ","      I LOVE these boots! Bought them for the summer camp I worked at and they helped so much! Hiked about 5-6 miles per day in them all summer and my feet did not hurt once. Takes about a day to break in but they’re not painful. Completely water and mud proof but they take a few days to dry if your foot is completely submerged (i.e. you jump in a pond with them on). Fits true to size with normal socks on.    ","      Like others, I read tons of reviews on this pair of shoes as well as other hiking boots. Ultimately, I decided to go with these because of the good reviews and price. I ordered a half size up as others had recommended which worked out great. I’m usually a 9, but ordered a 9.5. The shoes fit just right with thick socks! The whole reason I bought these was to do some hiking in Colorado. We hiked some trails in the Rocky Mountain National Park in the snow and also hiked up Horsetooth Mountain. The shoes were so comfortable and my feet stayed warm and dry the whole time. I’m very happy with my purchase and would definitely recommend to buy these if you’re looking for a good pair of hiking boots on a budget!    ","      Pros: They are well made and fit my feet in my regular size. I wear them every day driving a school bus. They are not heavy and I can drive in them. My feet are never cold or wet with these boots.Cons: I have a high instep and the insole that came with them didn't work for me. I replaced them with a different insole and they are now perfect.    ","      Love how light weight this boots are. I'm always a size 9. Ordered size 9 in black. Turn out it's too big.  That's why some reviewer mentioned the toes are pinched by top of the shoes when bending.I ened up reorder 8.5 in tan color. Because my size out of atock in black. Size 8.5 fit perfect with regular hiking socks on. Not touching the front of the shoes. Have enough toes room.Pleasantly surprised after couple days of moderate hiking/climbing/walking in yosemite. My feets did not complaint at all!!! Good traction and arch support. Padded ankles to provide comfort and stability. Highly recommend!!    ","      I’m very happy with these, I’m planning a trip in a few months to Grand Canyon, Bryce and Zion and though I’m not a heavy hiker, I wanted good footwear for the trails etc that I will be doing. This morning I went on my 2nd short hike in them, thinking to break them in, but I’ve had no discomfort either time.I saw reviews about the bend in the toe area and the one time I wore these with thin, regular crew socks, I could see what they were talking about. However, every time I’ve worn them with appropriate wool socks (SmartWool is my preference), there has been no discomfort whatsoever.I’m really happy with these and looking forward to bringing them on my adventures - and happy they don’t weigh much too!    ","      Me enamoré del modelo de las botas desde la imagen, físicamente me encantaron y me quedaron perfectas. Las quiero para viajar porque realizaré un viaje para hacer senderismo. Las botas están cómodas y ligeras.    ","      Es funcional pero en terrenos rocosos las botas no tienen agarre se resbalan mucho    ","      Shoes got here tuesday and i left for a camping trip wednesday. the first day my boyfriend took me on a muddy atv ride and they definitely held up! my feet were dry and it was easy to clean the mud off the shoes.I’m normally a 9 in shoes and a 10 in boots. I almost got a 10.5 based of reviews but ended up with the 10 and its the perfect fit even with bulky wool socks.There was an uncomfortable crease only on my right shoe but i wore them all through out the trip and endured a 7mile hike and it eventually worked itself out.They’re comfortable and good for the price! Hard toe which is perfect because i’m a little clumsy and clonk my feet on rocks all the time.    ","      Schöner Bequemer Wanderstiefel.Sehr leicht.Leider ist am Rechten die Naht nicht so schön geklebt.    ","      LOVE THEM! I went to az and hiked up mountains. Goldstrike, so you have to repel down and have good grip. These did it for me. Trenched thru water and didn’t even feel a drip. Seriously happy purchase .    ","      The fit was perfect. I have narrow feet and found no issues with width. I could see if you have a wide and thicker foot they may be tight. I didnt experience what other reviewers wrote about the front creasing and causing pain where it bends at the toes. I broke them in by wearing them around the house and taking short walks before my trip, so that may have eliminated that issue. I recommend them for the winter and cooler seasons, they keep your feet cozy warm.    ","      I love these boots. Extremely comfortable, they are sturdy around ankles providing great support. Would highly recommend.    ","      Wanted to give this boot 5 stars because they are a great all weather reliable boot but there is one tiny flaw that can be easily remedied by anyone once aware. The laces SUCK! Buy a good set of laces you can tie once and not have to keep stopping, remove your pack and tie your boots. The boots fit well on day one and with the proper wool socks very comfortable and I was blister free on my first thru hike albeit I do have tough feet developed over 40 years of walking and hiking. These are sturdy and did not slip on rocks or even wet surfaces up and down the Georgia Mountains. I highly recommend them for the practical hiker who needs a good deal on a good hiking shoe-boot. BUT don't forget to change the laces unless like me--you need lots of unexpected breaks to tie your shoes and catch your breath.    ","      Not waterproof, but water resistant for a short time.  Overall, glad I had these for my tip to Iceland, very comfortable and no blisters or aching feet.    ","      Feels sturdy, haven’t been able to use them on a hike yet but I’m sure they will be perfect! Also very flexible.    ","      Love. They fit great. Only issue is the shoe strings. I work outside off-trail a lot and this terrain has lots of smilax and blackberry canes, things with thorns. They these laces are not tightly wound and are fit more for tennis shoes. The thorns stick in them and pull and unravel. After the first day they looked like I had had them for months based on the shoe strings.Other than that, the shoes themselves are great.Oh, also had to get inserts because absolutely no arch support in original ones. With hiking shoes, shoes where we are going to be taking long walks, there should be support.    ","      Love these, fit perfect and are very comfortable to wear for long periods of time.    ","                                                                            {\"videoWidth\":0,\"videoUrl\":\"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/C1tdRrsb8xS.mp4\",\"clientPrefix\":\"vse_reviews_desktop_r2xbgn8ucarm1l_1681294233009\",\"awaConfig\":{\"useUpNextComponent\":false,\"initialVideo\":\"R2XBGN8UCARM1L\",\"shouldPreload\":true,\"isChromelessPlayer\":false,\"closedCaptionsConfig\":{\"captionsOnTexts\":{\"en\":\"Engels (geautomatiseerd)\"},\"captionsOffText\":\"Ondertitels uit\",\"languageToLabelTexts\":{\"English\":\"Engels\"}},\"isVideoImmersivePlayer\":false,\"skipInitialFocus\":false,\"disabledViewIds\":[\"replayHint\"],\"customerId\":\"0\",\"containerId\":\"vse_reviews_desktop_r2xbgn8ucarm1l_1681294233009-player-cf7b3118-1158-44b0-aac7-bba9dd3fb391\",\"requestMetadata\":{\"marketplaceId\":\"A1805IZSGTT6HS\",\"clientId\":\"VSE-NL\",\"method\":\"cr_inline_review\",\"requestId\":\"D8AQQ022FNMRNQGREATQ\",\"pageAsin\":\"\",\"sessionId\":\"262-2709321-8276502\"},\"shouldLoop\":false,\"shouldDisableControls\":false,\"alwaysSetInitialVideo\":true,\"clientPrefix\":\"\",\"useAutoplayFallback\":false,\"sushiMetricsConfig\":{\"isRobot\":false,\"clientId\":\"VSE-NL\",\"videoAsinList\":\"\",\"weblabIds\":\"\",\"eventSource\":\"Player\",\"sessionId\":\"262-2709321-8276502\",\"refMarkers\":\"vse_reviews_desktop_R2XBGN8UCARM1L_1681294233009_ref\",\"placementContext\":\"cr_inline_review\",\"marketplaceId\":\"A1805IZSGTT6HS\",\"isInternal\":false,\"endpoint\":\"https://unagi-eu.amazon.com/1/events/com.amazon.eel.vse.metrics.prod.events.test\",\"requestId\":\"D8AQQ022FNMRNQGREATQ\",\"customerId\":\"0\",\"sessionType\":1},\"ospLinkCode\":\"\",\"showPosterImage\":true,\"languageCode\":\"nl\",\"version\":\"\",\"shouldStartMuted\":false,\"airyVersion\":\"VideoJS\",\"languagePreferenceStrings\":{},\"enableInactiveFocus\":true,\"isReactFactory\":false,\"enableDelphiAttribution\":false,\"shouldAutoplay\":false},\"imageUrl\":\"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/91l7YyRGiYS._SY256.png\",\"closedCaptionsConfig\":{\"captionsOnTexts\":{\"en\":\"Engels (geautomatiseerd)\"},\"captionsOffText\":\"Ondertitels uit\",\"languageToLabelTexts\":{\"English\":\"Engels\"}},\"needPlayerFactory\":false,\"sushiMetricsConfig\":{\"isRobot\":false,\"clientId\":\"\",\"videoAsinList\":\"\",\"weblabIds\":\"\",\"eventSource\":\"Player\",\"sessionId\":\"262-2709321-8276502\",\"refMarkers\":\"vse_reviews_desktop_R2XBGN8UCARM1L_1681294233009_ref\",\"placementContext\":\"cr_inline_review\",\"marketplaceId\":\"A1805IZSGTT6HS\",\"isInternal\":false,\"endpoint\":\"https://unagi-eu.amazon.com/1/events/com.amazon.eel.vse.metrics.prod.events.test\",\"requestId\":\"D8AQQ022FNMRNQGREATQ\",\"customerId\":\"0\",\"sessionType\":1},\"mimeType\":\"video/mp4\",\"isMobile\":false,\"videoHeight\":0}Video Player is loading.Play VideoPlayMuteCurrent Time 0:00/Duration -:-Loaded: 0%Stream Type LIVESeek to live, currently behind liveLIVERemaining Time -0:00 1xPlayback RateChaptersChaptersDescriptionsdescriptions off, selectedSubtitlesOndertitels uit, selectedAudio TrackFullscreenThis is a modal window.The media could not be loaded, either because the server or network failed or because the format is not supported.                                   *9 Month UPDATE w/ video-boots are trashedI've included a video showing the condition of the boots. I've worn them regularly for light activity, never more than a few mile easy hike with the occasional splashing in puddles. As you can see in the video the outer layer is cracked and chipped, and now the shell has split creating a hole in the side. These boots are trashed and I won't be purchasing Columbia boots again.*5 Month UPDATE*Dropped rating from 2 to 1 star. There are now cracks in the shoe which are progressively getting worst. I wish I had returned these in the beginning rather than wait it out to see if they became more comfortable. Don't buy!---I wear these boots daily at work where I do a lot of light walking outside. I wanted a lightweight, comfortable boot with decent grip and ankle support. I went with Columbia since they're a well known brand. Unfortunately these boots missed the mark on just about everything I needed. I wish I read deeper into the reviews on these boots. I've had the same issue with the boot creasing uncomfortably over my toes. I thought if I toughed it out they might break in and relieve this issues, but after almost 2 months of daily wear its still a problem.These boots seem to be waterproof as advertised, however, it doesnt matter as my feet sweat excessively in these boots. This is not an issue with any of my other footwear. By the end of the day my socks are completely damp. Gross!While they have decent grip over rough terrain be cautious walking over any type of slippery surface, including smooth rocks or asphalt with the tiniest amount of water. There's no grip in these conditions.The only plus to these boots is they are lightweight and have a comfortable sole. My feet don't get fatigued by the end of the day.If I could I would return them, but I fear they are too worn and dirty from trying to break them in to be accepted back. I will probably go with a brand other than Columbia for my next pair of boots.    ","      I have two new boots and I'm happy with it    ","      Size fits alittle tighter then my other Columbia boots.    ","      So comfortable! Perfect fit!I was nervous to order these without trying them on. They arrived quickly and fit perfectly right out of the box. I hiked about 5 miles in steep, rugged terrain and was very pleased with their performance. I did not experience any blisters or pinching or pain like I have with other hiking boots in the past. There was a heavy frost that melted during my hike but my feet stayed warm and dry.My feet are slightly wide, but even with a thick hiking sock I had plenty of room in the toe area. I'm very pleased with these and highly recommend them!    ","      I bought these bad boys and didn't have to break them in. I went on a 6 mile hike the day after they arrived and I was shocked at how comfortable they are. Normally I would have to use shoe trees on boots in the past to make sure they're stretched and comfortable enough to wear. I ended up putting 20+ miles on these shoes before realizing that I had just bought them and I had no issues whatsoever. I'm talking 20+ miles on rough terrain, river water, mountains, desert, inclined slopes! Not once did I have an issue with grip nor were my socks/feet wet. They are very light and the fact that they have been through it but still look new lets me know that the quality on these are amazing.    ","      They got the job done in Colorado :)    ","      Great hiking boots.  The only thing I wish is that the insoles could be removed as I wear orthotics and makes them too tight    ","      These lived up to other reviews, which was a huge win for me!  We went hiking up in northern wisconsin, well, stayed in a cabin and it is already mid fall there.  They were so comfortable to wear, even the first day!  They are durable, anti slip and waterproof!!  You won't regret the price for comfort plus all of the call outs by the manufacturer    ","      They are comfortable once you break them in but until then your feet will hurtI wish there was a cushion at the top so they don’t rub on your leg    ","      I usually like Columbia products and these shoes are no exception. They fit well but in the toe area, they are slightly tight. I hope with wear they'll loosen and be more comfortable. Did some walking at Bryce Canyon National Park, watched the sunrise in 15⁰ with windchill factor putting temps at 3⁰. My feet were nice and warm.    ","      I bought these shoes right before a camping trip with my family.  We did a moderate hike every day and these shoes saved my life.  There was no break-in period necessary and they were lightweight and comfortable.  I was hiking in 95 degree weather, so with socks, they were too warm, but hiking was such a joy that I didn't notice.  I bought Columbia medium weight cotton socks, which were great with the boot.  I am so glad I returned a cheaper pair I bought from a local store.  These Columbia are absolutely worth it.  They clean up very easily and are waterproof.    ","      Really nice boots, excellent fit size 3, eu 36. Still space to wear thicker socks if needed. Not heavy on feet. Would defo recommend.    ","      I have never had a pair of boots that were so comfortable from day one. Best boots ever    ","      I needed hiking boots right away for a trip to a ranch. I didn’t want anything heavy that would weigh my legs down. These were ideal. The fit. The style. The true waterproof design! If I has 1 complaint, it would be that there’s no cushion in the bottom sole area. I had to add a thin Dr. Scholl’s pad which made the comfort even better. Great purchase for the price!    ","      Fit perfect, look better in person. Super happy. Seem comfy, haven’t taken them on the trail yet but they seem promisingUpdate: I took a star off after my hiking trip. They were mostly good, but there was a bit of rubbing despite them fitting well. I did get a blister even with thick boot socks. Perhaps they’ll wear in. It was nothing major, just not a 5 star experience off the bat. They held up GREAT in water and mud - there was a lot of that hiking in the redwoods in rainy season! Not a drop of water made it anywhere near my feet. Easy to clean and held up great so far.    ","      They fit great and look great too    ","      I am totally loving mi shoes so far.  I chose the Brown ones (that's not the actual name of the color though).  They fit perfectly well for my exact size, they are comfortable and I can go really on a very steep slope and I don't slide or slip.  I haven't used them a lot yet so I don't know how they will be in a wet environement or when they get more worne out.    ","      For walking.    ","      What a great boot! This is my first pair of boots EVER- I'm a total sneaker head. I know sneakers won't always cut it, especially if I want to start hiking more rugged trails. Most boots I found looked very masculine (not that I'm a girly girl) but these were a perfect medium. I originally ordered a 9- but they squeezed my feet pretty bad. They offered a W in 9 so I went ahead and ordered a 9W and returned the 9. PERFECT. All I needed, and they fit great! I though I would have to wear them a few days to break them in for our camping trip, but I really don't! They're not uncomfortable in the slightest. I deliver newspapers and I'm constantly on my feet. At the end of the night, they were not sore and no blisters. Can't wait to go hiking now!! Highly recommend.    ","      I LOVE these boots, I purchased them because they were a reasonable price and I needed new hiking boots for a trip to Alaska.  After I purchased them, I noticed a couple bad reviews.  I ignored the reviews and figured I would make my own judgement call.  I hiked 3 days straight up and down mountains, hiked the coast, walked around small towns with dirt roads.  I could not have asked for a better boot.    ","      Muy cómodas se utiliza para caminar 🚶‍♂️    ","      I went to Yosemite for the weekend to do some hiking for the very first time, and didn't have time to go to a store to try on boots. I was pretty nervous ordering something that can make or break the experience online, especially with it arriving 1 day before I left. But WOW was I happy about these boots! We did a smaller hike (2 miles) on the first day, and there were no typical \"breaking-in\" issues. Super comfy right off the bat. Then we did a 7 mile hike the next day and these were phenomenal. We crossed tons of steep climbs, dust, water, and slick rocks. These shoes had a great grip and I didn't slip at all. I felt super powerful and sturdy. Would recommend these boots to anyone - SO comfy and made my first hiking trip one to remember!    ","      Vivo en el campo y necesito botas que aguanten mojarse. Las he usado prácticamente todos los días, todo el día, durante 9 meses, les ha tocado mucha lluvia y mucho rocio y han aguantado de maravilla, mis pies siempre han estado secos y calientitos. Apenas empiezan a mostrar un poquito de desgaste pero la verdad es que he abusado de ellas y no les he dado ningún tipo de cuidado. Me veo en la necesidad de comprar otro par porque tuve un accidente y mi bota se rompió pero protegió mi pie así que definitivamente compraré otro par.    ","      I got these boots as a birthday gift for our trip to Colorado. We did 3 days of LONG hikes and a crazy incline. After all that, my feet/knees didn't hurt at all.I've rolled my ankle like 100 times in my life and these boots were just the right height to protect me while hiking on crazy terrain filled with varying size rocks and massive roots.    ","      Really well made, seemed like they would be durable and really comfortable, and they came quickly. My husband and I originally ordered a size up, but WAY too small...tried ordering larger, then larger sizes, but when they still didn't fit, we gave up and ordered different boots by a different company. Sorry Columbia (I typically love their products!)    ","      Lightweight and comfortable. I have a narrow pair of feet and bought half size bigger fits perfect. Able to fit fine with thin or thicker socks too. Don't seem to have any toe problem after having it on and walking for 6hrs.    ","      These shoes are awesome! They fit well, they don't rub on any part of my foot to create blisters, I do recommend wearing high thicker socks though because they do slightly rub on the back of my ankle. They are definitely waterproof as I have stood in about 4 inches of water with no problem and no wetness! I wear a 6.5-7 in shoes depending on fit and ordered these in a 7 and they fit just right    ","      Very comfortable. True to size. Attractive.    ","      These boots have gotten good reviews. The quality seems fine, the style is nice. However, if you need a wider toe box these are not a good choice. Uncomfortable the minute I put them on. I have gone back to Keen's as I've had good luck with them in the past.    ","      I absolutely loved how they felt when I put them on with thicker hiking type of socks. It felt just right, I’m glad I stuck true to my size. At first I thought it may have been too big and then with the socks it was perfect. I loved the top 4 clip around a for the shoe laces so I could make them more snug. I hiked for my first time 4 days in a row and climbed multiple rocks and didn’t get one single blister! I also used anti blister cream in addition to these amazing shoes. Columbia for the win!    ","      LOVE these!  Out of the box comfortable!  Wore them first for a long rainy day with cub scouts at camp.  It wasn't terribly cold - maybe low 50's and WET -  but with one pair of socks my feet were warm and dry and no blisters!!  I've worn them briefly in colder weather and think they will be ok to about freezing temps.  I choose my true size and will say that with a thin sock they would fit big - but since I always intended to wear thicker socks - they are perfect.Oh - and they also look good and I wear them sometimes as just a pair of shoes with jeans.I've only had them a month though so cannot speak to durability.    ","      Had over 15,000 steps in a day working in the yard and my feet didn’t hurt! Love them!!    ","      I’ve never really been into hiking, but my partner is. So I begrudgingly go along, but in tennis shoes like an idiot. I didn’t want to “waste” money on boots…STUPID! These boots are EVERYTHING! I love hiking now. My feet don’t hurt. My shoes don’t smell like a thousand dirty gym socks after walking through water because these are waterproof. Stop being an idiot and by these boots.    ","      I like them feels good on my feet    ","      I bought these boots for our vacation to Arizona for hiking. These did not disappoint. We did a few hikes in Sedona with one of them being Cathedral Rock. We made it to the top and these boots helped with climbing. They were very comfortable, too. I can’t wait to continue to use them with our new love of hiking.    ","      These boots are good looking and they fit well.  I wear a 10 medium and I bought a 10 medium and they fit perfectly.  A nice touch is that when the lace is tied it actually does not loosen.  So many tie shoes have poor laces.  The boot does very well in the snow and slush and are warm with one pair of socks.  I have always loved Columbia boots and these boots do not disappoint.  I Highly recommend them.    ","      I bought these boots for a trip to Peru where I knew we would be doing lots of walking/hiking. I wear a 6.5 so that’s what I ordered and as some of the reviews mentioned, they did run a tad bit big. Not much though, it’s just enough room to be able to wear some thick socks for warmth so for me that’s actually perfect. I wore them around my house on the day they arrived and they felt comfortable with no issues. On the first full day I wore them they were comfortable but were only worn to walk around the city. The day We actually went to Machu Picchu, after some time I did start to feel that pinch others described in reviews. It did go away if I slid my foot around in the boot due to the slight wiggle room the boot had. After a few hours of walking I did feel the need to fake the boots off as they felt heavy but that can be also due to the fact that I’m 6 months pregnant and swollen after flying and being in high elevation. All in all, they’re cute boots and a great value for the money. I do recommend if you’re thinking about these to try them out.    ","      I go on walking trails a lot need something cozy    ","      Good boot for a good price. I bought these for my backpacking trip in New Hampshire. I haven’t taken them on the trails yet, but so far so good. I’m a women’s size 6 on most shoes, but I found these to be a smidge too big. I ordered a 6 and overall am happy with them, but I do find that I need a thick pair of socks to have them fit more comfortably. I wouldn’t order a half size up just to fit another layer of socks for warmth.    ","      So I'm a size 8, ordered an 8 and they fit perfectly, I even have some room at the toes and to put thicker socks.I NEVER review any of the million items that I buy on Amazon but I just had to write one for these babies. I went hiking in them this past Saturday (2/22) in upstate New York  IN 2-3 FEET OF SNOW. Now, I didn't expect them to last too long seeing as the description says they're only waterproof to some early morning dew and some showers, but I was so surprised to see that the shoes not only kept my feet perfectly dry but also warm. They even had some grip on the more slippery and icy bits!Of course after a while the snow started to get into the shoes through the top and my feet started getting wet, BUT they still stayed considerably warm, considering the conditions!They were also such a light-weight and comfortable shoe that pushed me through all 8-9 miles of the hike, without needing to break them in.I cannot speak highly enough of these shoes, I can't wait to bring them to Costa Rica next month!    ","      The fit is super awesome. I walk a ton for work, I’m on my feet moving all day. I needed a shoe that was comfortable and waterproof and can last for a long time. This is the greatest!! I actually look forward to walking around all day delivering mail now that I know I won’t be coming home with feet that look like they’ve been in a boxing match with Mike Tyson!    ","      This shoes are very comfortable they run true to your size , I issued for hiking like 7 miles I didn’t get tired at all and I’m 46 years old 😁 but I love walking to , still they worth the money , they look a little cheap but still I regret not taking them to a previous hiking 😩.    ","      I wear a size 11 and ordered a size 11; I found them true to size.  I also loved the color I purchased as I know it will match multiple different outfits.Very sturdy, and comfortable. I have worn it hiking a couple times including “very strenuous” terrains with rockiness and was safe in these shoes!The soles are rough enough to prevent you from sliding in wet terrains, and my ankles were saved from snapping a couple of times on a recent hike.I recommend you combine these with hiking socks as I did get blisters on a recent hike.    ","      I finally caved and bought real hiking shoes after always using athletic sneakers for hiking. I really shouldn't have waited!!! These boots were perfect for a family vacation to Zion and Bryce with some moderate hikes. My shoes didn't need to be broken in and the traction was so much better than my new balance sneakers. I bought my regular size 7.5 and these for great even with thicker wool socks.    ","      They are good walking boots for the price. Very light weighted and reasonable waterproof.  However you cannot step into a puddle which is higher than the lip. They do not have a closed lip. Hence the water is pouring in. Not recommended for snow and river hikes. For regular hikes in muddy conditions they are perfect.    ","      I wore these without really breaking them in for a 9 mile, 11,000 feet hike in the Rocky Mountain National Park (I also got engaged in them - yay!!) I was really nervous about wearing them for the first time for that long of a hike but my feet honestly felt great. I'm a 7.5 and thought the size was just right.  The shoes are sturdy, comfortable and if they can last for a beginning hiker on a \"hard\" trail, they should be good for anyone.I would highly recommend these and can't wait to wear them again!    ","      Love these shoes so far!!! My first pair of real hiking boots and my feet didn’t hurt at all!! That was an issue with my last pair. My toes started to feel blistered as I would walk back from hikes before. So so far these are much better and super cute!!! Also very grippy on rocksChanged to 4 starts because the shoelaces keep coming untied as I walk. Also make sure to wear long socks with these shoes as they scraped the back of my ankles on my last hike.    ","      I purchased these for an upcoming hiking trip, and after wearing them around the house I couldn't quite get the fit right. I wear a size 10 and ordered a 10, and most of the dimensions were correct, but the top of the toe kept digging in uncomfortably. I have narrow feet so it wasn't a width issue, but I ultimately decided it wouldn't break in like I wanted and returned them.    ","      Der Schuh sieht super aus und macht auch qualitativ einen guten Eindruck. Über den Tragekomfort kann ich nicht viel sagen da leider der linke Schuh keine Sohle besitzt :(Habe Die Bestellung reklamiert mit der Bitte um Sendung fehlerfreier Schuhe.Mal schauen wie der Service ist..    ","      I work 10 to 12 hours shifts in a poultry plant. Been thru countless different types of boots for work. These are by far the best!! Comfort of a tennis shoe, but the durability of a wool boot! Keeps my feet dry and warm all day! Distributor is awesome too! My first pair was lost in transit and they immediately replaced them!!    ","      I read the reviews where people said that they are so warm. Well hiking in the snow when the temps. outside are 18 degrees to 35 degrees, let me tell you, your feet get cold. Hiking thru somewhat frozen rivers though, they did keep my feet dry. I do like the boots; they are very comfortable. I would buy them again but not for winter months.    ","      I've had these for about 3 months so far now and they're still holding up. I'm not exactly sure how waterproof they are anymore; my feet are sometimes a little wet but I can't tell if it's from water or sweat. My feet are never actually soaked though unless I make the mistake of dumping water in my shoe. But so far no tears or holes or anything like that!    ","      Wear these boots to work delivering mail. Lite weight, support my feet, don't get too hot even in the SW Florida heat.    ","      My mom goes for a hike every weekend and she really destroys  every pair of boots she wears. She has got a pair like this three years ago and this is the very first pair that lasts her more than a year. Now she wanted a new pair.    ","      Got these for a week long trip to Colorado, they were perfect. Fit well, comfortable for all the different hikes we went on. I really can’t think of anything to complain about, they did get wet and took a while to dry out but wouldn’t be an issue if they don’t get submerged. My best friend and I unknowingly ordered the same pair! Both of us loved them.    ","      Mostly waterproof . I walk in wet grass that is a bit higher.  Feet sometimes feel slightly some of the moisture though never wet . If the grass wasn’t so thick and high I think these would be much better but overall pleased with them . I am comparing them to my Columbia snow boots that were 100% waterproof in snow and watery slush. But overall pleased with them    ","      Super pleased with these boots.  I bought a size 8, the same size I am in sneakers.  I typically wear a 7.5 in other leather non-hiking shoes.  They're a little clunky looking around the ankle IMO, but look better than most other hiking boots.  They didn't need a lot of breaking in -- I wore them once on a short 2-mile hike in PA and then didn't wear them again until I went on a much longer hiking trip across the Southwest in autumn.  Wore them for five days straight in dust, on rock, in soil, in small creeks across the Grand Canyon, Bryce Canyon, and Zion, including a few strenuous trails, and they performed amazingly with good traction the whole time.  They felt lightweight and flexible.  No blisters, no discomfort.  I would buy them again tomorrow if anything happened.    ","      Love these hiking shoes. I needed a new pair - well, actually, I've never had a pair of actual hiking shoes/boots, I've always just worn my tennis shoes (big mistake!). I pulled these out of the box, put them on and wow, what a difference. I did put my own inserts into them, I do that with all the shoes I wear, but other than that, they were great right out of the box. Highly recommend.    ","      I bought these for my granddaughter, a freshman college student to keep her feet warm around campus. She picked these out because of their good reviews, brand name and that she will be able to wear them hiking this summer. She sent me a photo of them on the same day they arrived. I hear from her mom that she keeps mentioning how much she likes them and how comfortable they are. Whew-you never know with teenagers.    ","      Ordered my size (6) and half a size up (6.5) and ended up keeping the 6. I tried them on with the wool socks I use for my hikes and it was the perfect fit. They were stiff and felt slightly tight at the beginning but I wore them every day to school for 2 weeks and they were ready to go. The first 2 or 3 days I wore them they hurt where they bent at the crease, it almost made me return them, but I kept on wearing them and that went away. If you are in a budget and need something reliable for hiking I would recommend these pair of boots.Not sure if they are waterproof yet but will update whenever I test them on water.UPDATE July 2017I went hiking on snow and after 3 hours the water made its way into my shoes. If you are a serious hiker in need of real waterproof boots, these are not the ones for you. I learned it the hard way and went to buy $150dls Vasque boots from REI, worth every penny!! These columbia boots started to fall apart by the end of my hike (15 miles, 4,000ft elevation) :(    ","      I absolutely love these. They are my first hiking boots and fit right out of the box. I have had no blisters or irritation    ","      Sized up to a 10 from 9.5 to accommodate thicker hiking socks for cooler months. After trying them for a short amount of time the boots seemed to stretch out more than I’d like as my feet moved around a little too much and I couldn’t get them to lace tight enough around my ankles. Overall very comfy and good traction hiking various terrain! Would recommend your true size!    ","      I recently bought these shoes for my wife as she's an avid hiker. She took them out for a hike on the weekend and she quite enjoyed it. The only thing is the arc support wasn't as good as she expected, but other than that everything else about the boots were great. For the price, it was worth it in our opinion.    ","      I love the color and outer design of these boots! Normally I wear 9.5 shoes. I ordered a size 10 (half size bigger) but it fit me just right (no room to wiggle my toes). Width was a little narrow. They also felt a bit heavy. Then I ordered a size 11. This time it gave me that extra room I needed to wear them with wool socks; barely enough to wear gel insoles.    ","      Excelente relación calidad precio debido a que el precio de compra estaba ofertado    ","      i just started going hiking so i wanted something comfortable and sturdy and these are perfect!!  so glad i got them i might buy another pair.    ","      Purchased these to go hiking in Sedona and Grand Canyon. Not too heavy, size was perfect. Wore the first time on a 6 mile hike. Fit very comfortable, no blisters.    ","      Love these boots. They're so comfy, I use them daily when walking the dog in our beautiful off road areas & I  often forget I have them on    ","      I’m a size seven, borderline 7w. I ordered a 7 and they fit great. The toe box is ample, they support my ankle, and they’re—holy crap—waterproof enough to wade a stream. I’d definitely buy them again.    ","      It has all the features I was looking for. Normally I’m a 7.5 and I have wide feet so I buy boots in size 8 to account for extra movement space and thick socks. The fit was a bit bigger than I would like it to be. For a snug fit, I’d have to double up on my socks or wear really really thick socks. As most reviewers have stated, if you get a size that is a bit bigger, it does seem to create a crease and feels a bit uncomfortable because of the rubnign presssure on the skin (but thick socks helps a lot!). I have only worn it once to Yosemite (after a storm passed) and the boots held up well and no wet socks!    ","      La mejor compra que he hecho en mucho tiempo! Son super cómodas, resisten el agua siempre y cuando no se sumerjan más allá de donde comienzan los cordones y tienen muy buen agarre. Las pedí media talla arriba para poder ponerles una plantilla (pues no tienen soporte en el arco) y poder usarlas con medias gruesas. También las he usado con medias delgadas, solo toca apretarlas un poco más pero no es incómodo. 100% recomendadas    ","      At my job, I'm constantly walking on wet floors. I desperately needed shoes that would prevent me from slipping and falling. I've always preferred boots when I work because ankle support is crucial for me. These are absolutely perfect! Durable, comfortable and very anti-slip! Wish I would have bought these to begin with. ♥    ","      I bought these for my job where I am on my feet all day in barn conditions. They held up great and never hurt, even on the first day. I’ve walked through deep puddles and tons of mud and my feet have always stay dry. After reading reviews I was a bit worried that they might hurt, but they have been completely fine.    ","      While I haven't used these for the trip I bought them for, I am pleased that they fit true to size and I have plenty of toe room.  That is especially good since I'll be wearing heavy socks.  I saw a review from someone who bought them for a trip to Iceland which includes lots of walking on ice and pebbles and she found them to be perfect.  That is the same trip I bought them for.  They look nice - more like a shoe than a boot and are fairly lightweight.  I don't want to be doing a lot of walking with heavy, clunky boots.  Have encouraged my traveling companion to get them as well.  Can't wait to use them.    ","      I was hesitant buying these at first, but man oh man did these shoes exceed my expectations.These are 100% waterproof, I went running through some deep water and not a drop got inside my shoes.Wore these while the humidity was high, my feet didn't sweat at all, despite the look these shoes keep all the cool air inside.Very comfortable to walk in, you would think these shoes look very stiff, nope not stiff at all, these are great for hiking. I even ran a little bit in them, no discomfort at all.    ","      I bought them in September of 2019 and I’ve worn them on hundreds of hikes through all terrains including Utah dessert, and Colorado Rocky Mountains.  The tread is still PERFECTLY in tacked even with all the climbing on rocks I do. They are fantastically waterproof and hold up well in the snow. I do recommend warm socks because I find they don’t hold warmth well. 10/10 the size five fits exactly as I need it too, would recommend to anyone    ","      Excellentes bottes de marche. Légères et confortables. Elles sont très adhérentes sur la glace et la neige et je les porte même quand il fait -15 degrés lors de mes marches rapides    ","      I love the look and color of these hiking boots - they are comfortable.I do not hike in them - I do not hike.  I wear them to work or to the store.the only negative I have for these Columbia Women's Newton Ridge Plus hiking boots is that the tongue does not stay or lay flat after a short time of walking, no matter how tight I tie the laces.I would recommend11.3.21 UPDATETHE TONGUE ON THESE BOOTS HURT MY FEET -- I HAVE WORN THEM LESS THAN A DOZEN TIMES - WILL BE THROWING THEM AWAY!!I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND OR SUGGEST THESE TO ANYONE -- ESPECIALLY SOMEONE WHO HIKES! DO NOT BUY THESE    ","      These boots are coming to me for Christmas, so I can't review them after a hike yet, but I did try them on.  I liked the fit, which was as expected, as well as the look and feel.  I am a ladies size 12, so it is sometimes hard for me to find shoes.  My H is giving them to me as a gift, so I look forward to really trying them out in a few weeks.    ","      I have used these boots on an 11 mile hike and a 6 mile hike. Both trails were muddy and wet, and the boots performed wonderfully! I didn't have the problem of them pinching my toes as other reviewers mentioned. However, the only thing I notice is there is not much arch support. I am going to buy something. I was able to use them on the hikes though with no problems. They feel lightweight and I am probably going to to buy these in other colors! :)    ","      I think these are great boots. They fit as expected. I have a wide foot and typically wear between a 9 and 10 depending on the shoe. I ordered a 9 wide and they fit perfectly. I have 3 hikes o them for about 12 miles. Still perfect. Offers great support. I had a 6.5 mile hike in damp conditions due to rain the day before and I didn’t slip once. These were comfortable right out the box. I would recommend.    ","      Still breaking these in, but so far, they're good! I bought a 6, as I typically hover between a 5.5 and 6. I wanted to make sure I could wear good socks with these. I do have a bit of room in the toes, but they're very supportive at the ankle and comfortable, though they do feel a little weird as I'm breaking them in--where they fold at the top of the instep tends to pinch just a little. I assume that will get better as they break in. I needed waterproof boots that weren't my Sorels, must as I love them. These are good for walks with my daughters or hikes with my husband in the fall or spring when snow comes and goes.    ","      Update:These have kept my feet dry in the rain. My only complaint is that water can come in from the top of the shoe as you walk.‐‐-----------------Wore these yesterday without any breaking them in on a difficult hike. My feet feel great with out blisters or sore spots. It was raining at the start of the hike and they kept my feet dry.    ","      Très confortable et chaude à du -25 pour marcher en ville  et monter des montagnes. J'ai toujours eu froid au pied l'hiver mais pas du tout avec ceux-là. Bravo!    ","      I live in a wet place so waterproof walking shoes are essential. These are nice looking (I bought the black with red), true to size fit and don't need breaking in. They are a tad stiff but do the job well. I have had compliments on them too.    ","      Used these after being recommended by a friend for the first time for Zion & Bryce Canyon National Parks. The traction was great for both hikes. There was some snow at Bryce, and they had great water resistance. Really good ankle support for tricky places that could be dangerous/possible ankle roll spots. Overall, very much enjoyed my experience with them and have used them for hikes around San Diego as well.    ","      I have extremely high arches and have been wearing orthotics for over 25 years.  I usually can't get my foot into hiking boots because of my arch and when I found a pair I could get on I couldn't wear my orthotics which, at the time,  I thought would not be a good thing.  We walk on pretty rough terrain everyday and lately whenever I stepped on anything my ankle would \"roll over\".  I started walking with a walking stick because I felt so unstable.  When my ankle rolls continued and started getting worse I decided I needed a hiking boot.  I picked this one because the laces went all the way to the top instead of having Velcro at the top.  Even though I don't use my orthotics I still cannot use all the eyelets over my instep but I can tighten the laces around my ankles.  So far so good.  I still step on things but my ankles feel sturdy now and do not roll over.  I have now given up on my orthotics and haven't regretted it YET.    ","      I have narrow width feet and these fit well! I typically wear a size 6, and the size 6 was the right size for me in these boots. Compared to the ariat Terrain boots in size 6, these fit narrower and adjust down tighter. The toe box is not as tall as the ariat boots and in these I can feel the top of the toe box grazing the top of my toes.  Would recommend for those with narrow feet    ","      I bought these shoes to volunteer at a zoo and they have been wonderful. I do a lot of hosing and trudging through tall dewey grass and my feet have never been wet. The toe pinch was a little uncomfortable but that was only for a few days until I broke them in. One thing though, these shoes get REALLY hot if you leave your feet in direct sunlight. I’ve only experienced it once or twice and it was bad. I don’t recommend these for dry/hot climates. Also the inside does get pretty smelly but that could just be me lol. Overall an awesome shoe.    ","      I have neuropathy in my feet and this boot was comfortable from the first time I put it on!! True to size. I work at a flower farm and I hated my tennis shoes always getting soaked through these are so light weight it’s like tennis shoes but a water proof boot!!    ","      Fit great and have amazing grip. Bought these for Yosemite in February and they made it over snow and ice without my clumsy self falling. Just be sure to double sock! I got a blister the one time I didn’t.    ","      Runs about a half-size large. I bought some insoles and now the fit really well. Very comfortable, provides great support when I am on my feet most of the day. Waterproofing holds up well.    ","      Blame it all on those roots that I put on these boots:)  I've put about 200 miles on these shoes in  the last month walking rustic trails as well as paved trails.  I purchased the oiled leather because they are sturdy and waterproof holding up better than mesh or nylon.  These have done well!  I also like the solid brown boots because I won't be disappointed when I get them dirty, and I plan to get them dirty.  I took a picture because I have really put these boots through the rounds.Additionally, we managed to get caught in a drenching rain.  The boots held up and feet stayed dry.The size as everyone has noted runs small.  I wear a standard 8.5 in almost every shoe, but based on previous comments, I ordered a 9.  I am completely satisfied with the purchase and hope to still order a second pair.    ","      Absolutely love these boots, they are very light weight. As first the ankles were stiff but after two long wears they fit like a glove. I bought the grey ones and the colour is very nice. They come waterproof so no need to spray protectant on them. I wear them as a winter boot with wool socks and they keep my feet dry and warm on long walks. Columbia made another good product! Definitely worth the price!    ","      This ia a warm, waterproof boot. I wear these in very light snow and heavy rain, and my feet remains warm and dry. I've stepped in puddles of water, and my feet did not get wet.  This was a great investment.    ","      Wore these hiking once so far and they are really nice to keep your feet warm and dry! Since it's still early in the summer there is still snow in the mountains, but these kept my feet dry! Even when when I was knee deep in snow. I was also able to walk through a shallow river and no water in my boots at all!! They are also very comfortable and fit true to size. The only issue was when I walk there is a bend in the shoe pushes into my toes. It only bothers me on my right foot, but I'm sure it's just because I haven't worn them in. I didn't notice it too much anyway.    ","      My boots arrived today and they are absolutely awesome!I was in need of a durable, medium to light weight comfortable boot for motorcycle riding... I think I nailed it! Great quality and style!!! I typically wear 10.5-11, depending on the shoe. I ordered the size 11 after reading the reviews. I have about an eight to a quarter inch wiggle room at the toe. I took a gamble because my feet are flat and wide but the 11 fits perfectly with thinner socks. I will update my review once I wear them for a bit!    ","      For the price and quality, this year round bit is hard to beat. This was one of two hiking boots I bought for my wife and the lighter of the two. These boots are well designed for both backpacking and day hiking on any terrain. They’re lighter than most of the other boots in the women's hiking category, but they still offer all of the essential features you’ll need, including ample toe and heel protection, a gusseted tongue, a wide toe box, and a well-thought-out lacing system. The design is also breathable and waterproof.PROS:1. Inexpensive2. High quality design3. Lightweight4. WaterproofCONS:1. Limited for deep snow conditions2. Casual. Won't work for hybrid work-play environments.I would recommend to a friend    ","      Easy to slip on and off. Comfortable. Too early to review. I’ll comment after I’ve worn them several times.So far I love them ! Worn them several times in mud, extreme cold and kept my feet warm dry and comfortable! Definitely recommend    ","      I ordered a size 8 which is what I usually wear and they fit perfect. I needed comfortable boot for work that didn't need to be steel toed. These boots are super comfty even in the hot weather. I was thinking of ordering another pair to have when my current ones wear out.    ","      These boots were super sturdy during our end of winter hike through Sequoia and Yosemite. We went on two major hikes, one which was 6 miles of rocky, uneven, steep uphill terrain and one which was 4 miles of muddy, snowy and wet terrain with few major inclines. The one negative is that the laces kept coming untied and the ankles would become loose. If the laces were longer, I feel like they could be tied more tightly. Otherwise, they kept out the cold and the water from the numerous large mud puddles and streams of water I walked through. I didn't get a chance to break them in before our trip but they didn't cause any major pain.    ","      This is my second pair of Columbia Newton Ridge Hiking boots.  My first pair was bought in 2015 and we are now near the end of 2019 I needed another pair of hiking boots.  The ones I currently have been worn in rain, snow, good weather and bad.  The soles are great and no slipping on rocks, even now with the threads running so low.  True to size and good support on the arch as well as the ankles.  Compared to other hiking boots you cannot beat the price.  This is my second pair and I hope to get another 4 years out of them.  I have another brand and these are far more superior.    ","      We’ll worth the money.    ","      Love these hiking boots! I usually wear trail running shoes when hiking, but wanted a real boot to go hiking in the Alps. I saw these at a local outdoor store but they didn't have my size, so I found them on Amazon. The reviews looked good, and I had a few weeks to wear them in before my trip, so I decided to go for it. I followed the tips to order up half a size and they were perfect. I wore them for hours on end - through rain and snow, uphill and down, paved paths and rugged rock. Didn't slip or trip or twist and ankle once. They are slightly heavier than the trail runners I am used to, but not so bad (lighter than the last pair of real hiking boots I had). I would recommend these to everyone. Plus they look very retro and cute, the color goes with everything.    ","      Pedí medio número más, pero vienen bn en talla. Espero estén cómodos. Me encantaron    ","      I wore these boots on a 10 mile backpacking trip in Sequoia which lasted 2 days, and although they were a little uncomfortable because I was barely breaking them in they did the job. My feet were supported, stayed warm at night and did in fact protect from water while I had to cross the river in them. I wore thick wool socks with these boots and they still fit perfectly considering I don't have the thinnest feet. I got the size I usually get in shoes and was very nervous about them fitting too tight, but they were great! The material of the boots is exceptional and I see them lasting for a long while. The color of the boots was also a plus to me and there was just enough ankle support to help me from getting injured as well as enough grip to help me from slipping during difficult cliff areas. I would recommend for any level of hiking.    ","      Get 1/2 size larger if you’re wearing these for work or hiking because a true fit will have the ball of your feet hurting because the metal shoestring loop will press on your foot and cause red, swollen feet and bunions in less than 2 days. I’d youre wearing for fashion and don’t plan on wearing for extended periods, you might be able to get away with ordering your true size. I wore them for work because I was looking for a sneaker feel in a waterproof hiking boot. They are comfortable but I ordered my true size and started getting a bunion and the balls of my feet were numb for the entire week I wore them and then for 2 weeks after I stopped wearing them.    ","      Excellent.    ","      Son lo que esperaba, muy lindas, cómodas, buena calidad, 10 puntos!! El talle es el mismo que uso siempre 9.5, fue perfecto, sin ningun tipo de falla.El envío fue rápido. Muy recomendable.    ","      Best hiking boot ever! I have five pairs of these awesome hiking boots , three in the nylon and two in leather and I love them…    ","      This would be a very nice boot if it wasn’t for the weird crease bothering my toes. It’s a light, well made boot however the toe box is too high and wide. It creates a crease that comes right on your toes when you step. It’s uncomfortable and didn’t want to take the risk. Maybe it works for people with wide feet.    ","      Love these boots. Really comfortable and did great on our hike. The sizing is right on. I wore thick socks and they were still perfect. I wear a size 9 and my nikes tend to push on my toes but these did not even with thick socks.    ","      Estaba buscando unas botas de campo y estas me gustaron mucho por su precio, estética y especificaciones. Aún no las estreno, pero noté que al probármelas me quedaron ligeramente grandes. Para elegir mi talla hice lo que especifica la publicación a realizar: apoyé mi pie sobre una superficie plana (suelo) y lo medi, dicha medición me dio 24.5 cm y fue el número que pedí (7 1/2). Sucede que en este tipo de zapatos, normalmente soy medio número menos. Sin embargo, no los siento incómodos porque no son anchos como algunos modelos de botas, ya que mi pie es delgado y a veces me quedan grandes los zapatos por el ancho de éstos.En conclusión: una buena compra, me quedaron ligeramente grandes, pero sin llegar a molestar o incomodar.    ","      I wore them for a week to break them in, then went hiking. I was very pleased. They are indeed waterproof, comfortable and they do a very good job of supporting my ankles on rough rocky terrain. The only downside is that they don't have the best grips on the bottom but they are good enough.    ","      Very comfortable, I'm glad I went with these for my hiking boots. I haven't gone into the woods with them yet as I've been busy, but I'm sure they will serve their purpose. I wore them for a day and they didn't rub in any spots and weren't tight. Very happy with this purchase. And they look good too!    ","      Excelente calzado y comodidad. Muy feliz de haberlas comprado aca    ","      They are great. Comfortable and my feet feel protected. One con--I do not like how the tags can be seen on both of the boot tongues. Shocking white compared to the black of the boot. Need to figure out a way to fix this without damaging my boots...    ","      I bought these for my daughter. She LOVES them. She normally wears a 9-9.5 shoe. Since these are hiking shoes, we went up half a size to give room for heavy socks. She has not noticed the crease across the toe problem that other reviewers mentioned. We're speculating that buying them slightly larger is the trick.The price is very good for the quality of the shoe. They have excellent traction. The soles are firmly glued to the uppers. The leather is smooth, flexible, and takes water repellent spray well. (Note: These shoes could best be called water resistant, not water proof. The tongue is padded mesh.) My daughter doesn't have extremely high arches, but feels that the arch support is very good for normal arches. Higher arches will probably need an insert.There is really nothing bad to say about these shoes. I plan on buying another pair, this time for myself.    ","      I absolutely love these!!! They are true to size. I ordered a half a size up from my regular shoes size in case I ever hike in the cold and need to put on super thick socks,  but I could've ordered my regular size and been fine.  I stepped on a copperhead snake in these and didn't die, so naturally I convinced myself that they're lucky boots. Haven't hiked in the rain in them though, so I can't comment on the waterproofness. I'm not sure why anyone would hike in the rain anyway. What if it's raining because someone started a game of jumanji and you're just tromping through the woods asking to be eaten by the jumanji lion? No thanks. All in all I really do love these boots. Oh! And I like that they are hard material I can wipe off and not cloth.    ","      These are comfortable and have helped me tackle a few beginner - medium difficulty hikes in Banff :)    ","      Looks great, have enough space for thicker socks.Lace up easy, have foam at top to ensure extra comfort at boot top! Love it. I bought the black water proof, I think I will get a tan color too!I do recommend this boot to all hikers, beginners or advanced. Good price as well! Thanks Amazon    ","      My first hiking boots ever. I wore it for the first time to go inside an old copper mine (which was super cool by the way) and I was sooo happy I did. Everything was wet, the ground was very uneven and slippery but not for me with my new boots. Yeeey.Love it!    ","      I went on a last minute trip to Colorado for hiking. I didn’t even have to break the shoes in! They are so comfortable and supportive. Definitely recommend!  As a person who is prone to sprained ankles. These saved my life !    ","      I have been on multiple hikes that involved snow, water, mud and the shoes are fine and working. They do rub against the back of my feet after hours of hiking but it's not too bad. It's worth the money.    ","      Great boots.Ordered them for an upcoming hiking trip. I'm usually a 9 or 9.5 so ordered both. The 9 fit great. 2 short 20 minute walks at home to break them in a bit and they were comfortable for both. First hike was about 5 miles and my feet were happy the whole time. Put them back on for a shorter walk an hour later and just as comfortable as the morning.    ","      I like the fact that I took a chance purchasing the size I normally wear, a 7.5.  And with that, I still need 2 socks to keep my toes from hitting the front so abrupt while going down hill.  I gave this a 5 star because it is really comfortable and supports my ankle.  I just need to know how to keep the shoestrings from coming loose.  Any suggestions would help.  Overall, I have gone on 5 hikes with this, strenuous hikes straight up hill and down hill and sometimes in the wet mud, and it holds well.  I had to get chains though for the slippery slopes as not to fall over ledges on hikes.    ","      These little hiking boots were AWESOME! I purchased them for my backpacking trip to the Tetons. I broke them in a little bit by going on several smaller hikes for a couple weeks before I went on my trip. A bit stiff at first, of course, as they were new, but then bam! They fit perfectly. They ROCKED for the whole duration of my trip. 4 days in the Tetons hiking all day long in all terrain, including a LOT of snow, and these held up beautifully. My friend had other hiking shoes and she got huge blisters and lost 2 toenails, yikes! Not me. I wore sock liners the whole trip, and didn't lace them super tight and they were a dream to hike in. I didn't think about my feet once the whole time. I cannot wait to take them out again. BEST $70 purchase EVERRRR! I am SO glad I got them. :D    ","      I should have read the reviews more carefully. I came back to re-examine the negative comments and can now see warnings everywhere.Even when sized correctly, the step crease in the top of the boot folds down and touches the top of my big toe, which first creates a painful blister, and then eventually rubs the skin off. I've never had this issue with any other shoe or boot, but it seems like a common complaint for this boot.For me the problem WASN'T immediately evident upon trying the boot on -- it actually took a mile or two of hiking before the pain kicked in, and then it didn't stop. I was wearing perfectly appropriate socks (fancy SmartWool specifically designed for hiking).Had to bump it up to two stars because these would have been perfect for me if not for the toe issue. Love how they look, they're strong, lightweight, great ankle support. Wish I could have been one of the lucky ones whose toes escaped the wrath of the crease. :(    ","      I wear a 6.5 and I decided to order a 7. I am very happy I decided to size up because I can comfortably wear thicker size in the winter months but they aren’t to big to wear thin ones during the summer. Our first hike where I was able to wear these boots included a waterfall and creek crossings. My feet were completely dry when I returned to the car which makes them worth every penny to me!    ","      I usually wear an 8 in boots. I ordered and 8 and it was a little too big. It was hard to get the shoe on but once I did my heel lifted anytime I took a step. The toe box was tight in the width. I would have returned and gotten a smaller size because the shoes was very comfortable and felt like it would give good support. However towards the front of the shoe near the bridge it caves in anytime I took a step and put pressure on my toes . It would fold in at a sharp angle and dig into the top of my toes. Unfortunately I've had boots that did that before and that's not something that changes with use. It normally gets worse so I had to return it . If they could fix that issue in the toe box to keep it from caving in sharply I would recommend but until then I don't believe it would work well for long hikes. I felt the issue as soon as I took several steps.    ","      I took these boots to Sedona, Arizona.I got the black ones size 8 they fit perfectly! They are great for a 5 mile hike anything more they can be uncomfortable but then again I was walking on mostly rock, so maybe that's what made them uncomfortable. Also, the price is great!!!    ","      Personally after wearing these a bit in myNormal size, my feet slide around in them too much and they have no breathability. They are otherwise just fine    ","      They make a great jacket, but I guess not so much with boots. They are not very padded on the inside at all, narrow down the sides. Over all a cheap boot, had to send them back after trying them on.    ","      The shoe is not comfortable at the ankle. It keeps rubbing against my ankle and it created a blister, but either than that, the shoe fits.    ","      They are waterproof, they are comfortable and they protected my feet from a large amount of hot water    ","      I bought these boots for hiking next spring and I thought I'd break them in. I was worried about some reviewers complaining about a problem with the boot rubbing on their upper toes. I did notice that feeling for the first few wears but I wore thick socks and now that they are broken in I don't feel it at all. They are so comfortable and the ankle support is great. A very well made boot. I am going to have such fun hiking and camping in these. Excellent boot at a great price! (I'm so happy with them that just bought pair for my daughter for Christmas!)    ","      I purchased this hiking boot for a hike in the enchantment trails in Seattle, a very hard and strenuous hike with rocky terrain. These shoes worked amazing! Had amazing ankle support to navigate the rocks of various sizes and fit perfectly. they were truly waterproof, I accidentally stepped in a deep mud puddle and I had NOTHING seep into my shoe! Amazing! I love these shoes and will purchase the same pair once I wear these down from more hikes!    ","      I bought these boots to replace a much more expensive pair of Vasque that totally were trashed after a year.  I have hiked in them every day for a week now.  These boots are OK they are not particularly comfortable or uncomfortable and they seem to already have leaky spots in the waterproofing. They do not have much cushioning and they are not insulated at all so my feet are hurting a little bit because there is no pattern to make up for the new shoe stiffness. 450 bucks if they last a year I will be very happy.    ","      Love these. Look just as pictured. I have wide feet and these are so comfortable. Look great.    ","      I am facility maintenance where I work and I’m on my feet all day long. These boots didn’t have to be broken in and hold up really well!  Super comfortable and stylish… this is my new favorite! Excellent comfort… great arch support!    ","      These boots are amazing & should be the official boot for delivery drivers everywhere!! I put thousands of miles on my boots each month and they’re lasting me approximately 5 months. They’re comfortable, light, sturdy, & I’ve put the water resistance to the test numerous times! I LOVE THESE BOOTS!!!!    ","      I generally wear a US size 7 woman's, and I got this  size with wool socks in mind. They fit perfectly! With regular socks too. I've worn them for more than a month now: through snow, icy slopes and staircases, caving, day hikes, and navigating wet aquatics facility floors. No complaints at all. They're not awesomely slip-proof, but at least it saved me from falling on the ice and down icy stairs (which definitely would've happened otherwise). On the other hand, it is also quite waterproof. I've never once gotten my feet wet trekking through snow or watery cave floors--in fact, I made the mistake of wearing these while trekking through knee-high water (they definitely kept the water in that time, oops). I've also had a chance to hand wash and disinfect these boots, since I went caving, and they're still perfect.    ","      Boots fit true to size!!  Love them    ","      These shoes are fantastic! They are definitely not feminine at least not the color I got, which I didn’t love. However they were the only ones available in my size. They look like they would be like walking around in cinderblocks but they are like walking around on clouds. They are so comfy and so nice and so sturdy. I would buy them again tomorrow!    ","      Comfortable  And waterproof    ","      Theses are my favorite shoes for work. I spend 10 hours a day on concrete and the inside of this shoe is supportive and comfortable.This is my 4th pair of the same style.The last ones were over a year and a half before the insides wore out.    ","      These boots are awesome. I wore them on a 2 mile hike immediately after taking them from the box and they felt great. After reading reviews, I did order a half size bigger than I normally wear and they fit perfectly. My feet stayed dry and comfortable - I couldn't ask for more.  UPDATE: I purchased the first pair in 2017 and I’m only just now replacing in 2021. They are GREAT boots and held up for miles and miles of hiking.  I even sometimes wore them to work if I knew I’d get muddy or wet or be on my feet all day. I cannot recommend them enough. I hike in some pretty rocky terrain and the tread is worn down substantially, but they are still completely  waterproof and supportive after 4 years of constant wear.    ","      General construction of the boot is well done. Fits to size as expected and is a good looking boot. Weather proof, it has stood up well to the wet chilly Wisconsin weather.  As others have mentioned, where the toe bends, the thickness of the boot creates a ridge that pushes on the top of your toes as you walk. It isn't completely bothersome but enough to know it is there.    ","      I liked them. However they’re tough, and pretty much very heavy! I used them for a long hike when I first got them, and I regretted it, they might be useful later but break them down first    ","      I love these shoes! I've worn them on a couple of moderate hikes and haven't had any problems. I saw several reviews about the toe bend pinching your foot and making walking uncomfortable but I didn't experience that same problem. So far these shoes have held up well and are very comfortable.    ","      Very poor quality must be made in China these days.    ","      Good for snow and ski. Just returned from Aspen skiing in 19 F    ","      I just received them and haven't gone hiking yet. Though wearing them around the house/yard they have a wonderful fit. I usually find my shoes to be to snug and wide fit to be to large. This are perfect! Absolutely love the ankle support. Currently breaking them in doing a workout. Only reason not 5 is I haven't taken on a long hike yet.    ","      Comfort…    ","      These are great. Not to expensive. Actually my second pair in 4 years. Old pair cracked where the toe bend/roll is and the sole started to come off. Expected for a 4 year old boot I wore almost everyday to work and hike in.Great hiking boot with plenty enough grip to scale boulders and free climb a bit.    ","      I love these boots I’ve been buying them for years in men’s for my hubby so I finally decided to get myself a pair and I’m in love! I work in them and also plan to do outside activities in them once the weather permits hiking 🥾 I have kinda wide feet so these also meet my expectations to be comfortable!    ","      I bought these for hiking in the fall in Banff Canada. We had temps ranging from the 60s to the teens.  I wore these boots every day, hiking up to 3 hours at a time, sometimes twice a day. They were GREAT! I used wool socks with silk liners and stayed warm and dry on the snowiest of trails. This was even after rain and walking across tiny streams. I used hiking poles, but the boots gripped well on steep, icy trails. On the warmer days I was still comfortable. My arches tend to hurt without support. I never had any foot pain for the entire 11 days! I couldn’t have asked more of these boots!    ","      I LOVE my new boots! I was nervous about what size to order as I wear an 8 1/2 for fashion shoes but my Asics sneakers are a size 9. After reading the reviews I ordered the 8 1/2 and they fit perfectly!, and thats with a pair of Carhartt wool socks on. They are VERY comfortable! I'm not having any of the issues stated in reviews about rubbing on the toe. I wore them yesterday on the trail and was in 4 inches of water at times.... and my feet were dry as could be! I HIGHLY recommend!    ","      Reçu rapidement j'ai marché pendant 1 heure 30 minutes et les chaussures mes blessées le dessus des 2 grosse orteils j'espère qu'avec le temps le problème seras corrigé.    ","      These hiking boots are very comfortable. I wore them hiking on rock in the Grand Canyon and in Sedona and they had great grip on the rocks. I would recommend!    ","      I ordered a size up because I used them with thick socks for hiking in cold weather. I hiked a total of 8 miles without breaking them in (I know, scary and dumb) and there was no issue. Good support, toe box is perfect if you don’t have wide feet. Overall good hiking boot.    ","      The boots are good for regular walking.  For ankle support on rigourous hikes, the material they are made from is not as sturdy as other boots I have had.  For the price point you get what you buy.    ","      THANK YOU COLUMBIA!!!!Me, being a transgendered person; I was wearing pink shoelaces with one other pair of boots. Now, these...taking a stand for myself. Let's see what my mother says this time around!! (And I am unable to wear heels or anything fancy because of my damn disability and orthotics that I occasionally wear.)Okay, taking my review rating down two counts ONLY because my left shoelace seems to be coming apart down at the second and third notches, yet I am dumbfounded as to how that is even happening??» * » Editing this because I need to toss in one major complaint here. « * «WHY there are ZERO ankle straps on the back of these boots makes UTTERLY ZERO SENSE to me and the voices in my cranium.If you can please include those on these boots, that would make them utterly PERFECT to me!!That, and it seems like the shoelaces are coming undone on their own free will intermittently throughout the day/evening. I suspect that I will look into getting a different pair of Columbia laces here soon enough. 🙄    ","      Wife wanted to go hiking on trails, she chose these boots.  She loves them, she talks about them while hiking...every time...  Look at the beautiful waterfall and the rainbow coming off of the spash!  She talks about the boots...  So I guess these are pretty great, and you probably won't be disappointed.  Can't guarantee that every conversation on your hikes from now on won't be about the dang boots though...    ","      I wore these on a 7 mile, pretty tough , hike and they did awesome! They are completely waterproof, which is what i needed! the hike was very wet, a lot of creeks, crossing rocks over small streams and muddy paths- and my feet were completely warm and dry the entire time. They also have good grip and i never slipped on the bad parts! i wear a 6.5 shoe size and ordered it in these as well and they were fine. maybe a little snug if i wore thick socks. But all in all great shoe and very happy with purchase (: i ordered the red and black and it looks just like the pictures!    ","      I really love these boots - the way they looked, the way they fit- room for a heavy sock, they didn't make my foot look HUGE, are comfortable with the heavy sock you would wear with them without being tight and they are waterproof!  A great find and price, IMHO.    ","      I wear a size 8 and my toes hit the front of this too tight boot.  You cannot even think of wearing a heavy sock with it.  Very disappointed and manufacturers need to stop making boots & shoes so small.  Americans are larger than the rest of the world and skimping on materials means returned boots & shoes.    ","      Very happy with my new boots I use hiking, and camping    ","      Están perfectos la talla es la correcta, son cómodos! Más de lo que esperaba!    ","      They are cute, comfy and true to size.  I hiked for 2 days straight in rocky and uneven terrain and they held up well. I did not even have a chance to break them in before the hike.    ","      I’ve been searching for comfortable hiking boots for a while, these by far exceeded my expectations! Very comfortable and offers great ankle support! Not to mention actually cute and not bulky.    ","      I added some supporting inserts and the comfort level of these was amazing. For the price point these are a good sturdy boot option. I work in landscaping and spend all day on my feet. I would recommend a heavy duty waterproofing agent, especially where the \"leather\" meets the tongue of the boot otherwise they can get a bit damp. I've had them for about 2 months and they are still wearing well and have broken in nicely. I plan to get a couple more pairs. Width was about average, seems very slightly more narrow in the heel ( good for me) and a bit flat in the foot box. Again, nice support insert and these guys are awesome.    ","      I took these boots hiking at the Grand Canyon, Big Sur, & snow shoeing at Lake Tahoe all in the same week without breaking them in and they did great! I can definitely say they’re broken in now. While snow shoeing my feet stayed pretty warm although a little damp because I was ankle deep in snow at points.Only con about them is they’re not super supportive so I may add some dr. Schols inserts to them. I also found they run a little big.Definitely worth it!    ","      These shoes did take a little breaking in for me (unlike some of the other reviewers) - but how many times do you actually not break a hiking shoe in before wearing it on a long hike?  When I first tried them on I was getting the pinching at the toe crease like some reviews claimed and I was really considering returning them but to my surprise it didn't last long and they became extremely comfortable.  My first hike with them happened to be a great test of the waterproof quality- a cold rainy hike on a flooded trail- my feet ended up being the only dry part of my body.    ","      I ordered these boots for a hiking trip. I had shopped and shopped in local stores and online and I found these. I figured Columbia is a good brand, I already have some winter boots made by them and they are still awesome years later. On Amazon, some colors are more expensive than others so I got one of the less expensive colors but I'm hiking and get dirty so who cares right. They fit great, are very comfortable, have excellent traction. I wore them hiking in a multi-terrain area; stone stairs, grassy hills, steep sloping mountains, gorges, through river beds and rocks. Never once did these boots fail me.    ","      I ordered two pairs of boots at the same time the other pair (not Columbia) was clunky and did not fit well at all this boot fit like it was made for me. I only wore them a couple of times around the house for about 15 - 30 minutes before I went on my first hike with them. They were great no issues at all. I would order them again.    ","      I'm typically between a 6.5 and 7 on shoe sizes depending on brand and material but this came in and fits perfect. Gave me lots of room around my toe area,  lightweight and feels comfy. Haven't broken it in but just trying it around the house it's been great.    ","      Most comfortable boot I ever purchased. Wear all day!    ","      Wore these right out of the box on a 6 mile hike. NO ISSUES. Comfy fit, true to size. I NEVER leave reviews, but I was pretty amazed at how well these performed. I dreaded the idea of breaking in a new boot. This was not the case at all. I'm going to Iceland next year and these will be making the trip with me. I'm SOOO glad I bought them.    ","      I purchased a pair in 2 different sizes for my wife. One size was too small, so I returned it. But the other size fit perfectly and she said she was very comfortable hiking the White Mountains of New Hampshire with it.    ","      So comfortable and easy to break in. I got one blister on my toe, but even though I wore these boots to hike for 4-6 hours/day of hiking for the next week, the blister never even burst.Also literally half the cost of the same boot anywhere else.    ","      This was the best shoe I could have asked for! Did a 12 mile hike with this and my feet felt amazing! Any other shoe would have caused blisters, etc. I also had so much grip with these shoes even though I went through a lot of water, deep inclines, climbing, etc. highly recommend!    ","      So far I'm happy with these Columbia hiking boots. I have not tested them for real hiking, but as a walking boot they are nice looking and comfortable. I also like them because they were under $100.    ","      I read all the reviews and the sizing chart before ordering.  I got my normal shoe size, and these boots fit PERFECTLY.  I didn't even try to break these in (although, to be honest--I have tough feet and work out every day + have run multiple marathons).  I put these on and hiked about 10-miles total at Old Rag Mountain in VA.  This has a lot of rocky inclines and some bouldering.  I didn't get one blister and my feet felt great, even being on them for about 6 hours.  Let me tell you -- these are so much more supportive than regular tennis shoes.  10/10 - so glad I bargain hunted instead of buying full price boots somewhere local.    ","      Ordered an 8, fits like an 8.5 which is fine i just wear 2 pairs of socks. I also thought i was gonna be tripping over the metal parts that the laces tie through but I've been ok so far. Also no blisters or soreness on feet after each hike ive taken with them.    ","      I loved these hiking boots, but as soon as I put them of i felt something uncomfortable on the right boot, my toes felt weird and missplaced, like a space between my toes and the front of the boot. When I removed the insole as you see it has a manufacturer error, and a weird shape that I couldn't fix. I was vey excited to used it but now I don't feel comfortable to go on long hikes since it can affect my toes. Very disappointed    ","      Love these shoes. Fairly waterproof and cute. The only problem is they run a bit larger, and after walking on them 8+ miles, my feet are sore. Added some insoles and good socks and we are good to go! Would recommend! Just 1/2 size down.    ","      Fit perfect. Comfortable from the moment I put them on. Didn't really need to break them in. I have been wearing them for ten days now as every day shoes because they are so comfortable. I highly recommend these! The laces do not look pink like in the picture.. more a megenta red    ","      I have been searching for a decent pair of hiking/work boots, and came across these. I’ve had them for just over a month now, and I am on my feet a good 8 to 10 hours a day five days a week. These are the most comfortable and light weight boots I have ever owned. I highly recommended them to my son, and he bought himself a pair, and also likes them. These are my new go to boots.    ","      I absolutely love my hiking boots, they are super comfortable and true to size. I love that the support my ankles. I do wish I would have gotten the brown ones since it gets dusty when hiking but just wipe them with a cloth and they look like new. Better than hiking on my 6 year old nike shoes.    ","      I bought these for an upcoming trip to Iceland.  We will be hiking and planning on having significant changes in weather, with a lot of rain, and a variety of conditions.  I needed a shoe I could wear pretty much all the time and anywhere.  The black hiking shoe seemed to fit the bill.  Unfortunately I found the shoe too large.  I wear a 7.5 and this was too big with thick socks.  I sent them back and am debating the size smaller or another boot altogether.    ","      To hike the Inca Trail in the rainy season, we needed high traction, waterproof hiking boots.  These boots were comfortable right out of the box -- just put them on and go.  All five members of my family used various sizes of these boots (men's and women's).  We were all completely satisfied with the fit and comfort in the toe box, width and length.  Needless to say, in the rainy season, the boots encountered a lot of wet.  Over 5 days, all our feet remained completely dry.  Highly recommend.    ","      I took these boots hiking through the red rocks in Arizona and into the Grand Canyon and they saved my life quite a few times.  After awhile (like 10+ miles) they're not all that comfortable, but that's to be expected. Their traction and grip was remarkable and I would recommend these to anyone looking for an affordable pair of hiking boots.    ","      I wore them around the house for one day and they seem comfortable enough. I got a half size bigger than I normally wear so that I can wear heavy socks and the fit is good with the socks. I rarely wear shoes that hit at or above the ankle, so these will take some getting used to, but they did not seem to rub that much. Again, I only wore them about 6 hours around the house, so I can't go by that alone, but I like them so far and they look rather nice, too. Hope they really are waterproof because they are for my trip to Alaska this summer. I will try to update my review after my trip, but only if these shoes are not up to standards with my expectations.    ","      These boots are very nice    ","      These are the most comfortable pair of shoes I’ve ever owned, that includes running, training, boots, etc., but the “waterproof” description is not quite accurate. I took them to the snow and went snowshoeing in them as well as used micro spikes at San Jacinto peak, and my feet were soaked at half point. I think the snow melted through the tongue. Otherwise, they’re a great boot! Took me up Mt. Whitney, White Mtn, Pacifico’s Crest Trail, and more!    ","      I love these hiking boots. They are comfortable and they look very nice. I highly recommend these boots to new hikers.    ","      I wanted a pair of hikers that were waterproof for my regular 3mi treks.  They seem to fit the bill.  I’ve been hiking twice since I got them, and after walking through a cold creek, thankfully they kept my feet dry.  The only drawback I’ve experienced is that the left shoe seems to rub the top inside of my foot for some reason making the shoe slightly uncomfortable.  I’ve only worn them twice so far though and hoping that changes as I continue to break them in.    ","      I am wondering if they are original, a little hard, not very comfortable    ","      I bought these boots for my trip to Iceland. Walked for miles, for hours going up and down. it rained a lot, etc, but my feet never hurt, I never slipped, and my feet were dry and confortable.    ","      Très bien adaptées à la marche en hiver la semelle n’est pas trop dure on peut faire de longues marches tout de suite sans avoir besoin de les forcer elles sèchent très vite très bon produit    ","      These are excellent boots. Definitely waterproof. Took my dog for a 2 hr hike in the rain with tall wet grass and never had wet feet. Never had to break them in. They were comfortable right off the hop. Sent back a different pair from another company and was so happy with these.  Highly recommend them. Have used them for 6 weeks now and not one complaint.    ","      I took these hiking after a nice rain and mud so thick you could slide down a hill. They held up nice and my feet stayed dry. I took off a star because I have the same problem another reviewer said about the toe part... when you walk the toe crease is weird, it rubs the top of my toes and it was uncomfortable, especially if you're walking on flat surface or hit any asphalt. If I had to do it over again I would've ordered a size larger and worn really thick wool socks with these to help cushion against that weird crease.    ","      Love how these fit and look on, but took on a hiking trip and the rubber on the soles was coming unattached just after the few day trip. I wouldn't buy again knowing this.    ","      My wife loves them, very comfortable, fits great. The only downfall is they are not even what we would consider water resistant.  Probably just need to treat the leather.    ","      These hiking boots are so comfortable, there's plenty of room for the toes to move (wide enough compared to my old pair which were too narrow and hurt my little toes after a long hike) and they're super lightweight. Best hiking boots I've ever bought!    ","      It fits well. Broke in easily. I use mine as work boots instead of hiking. Great for work. Waterproof. We go hiking but have not yet. Survived a pit bull mix puppy stealing them to chew on for about 20 minutes. Looks great  and didn’t get chew marks? Weird    ","      I went hiking to the Grand Canyon during winter time therefore there was some ice and lots of snow... these boots provided me with enough grip for the hike, great ankle stability! My feet were slightly damp after walking in slushy snow and mud.. but nothing too bad. I couldn’t have been happier with the purchase!    ","      I am delighted with these! The fit is just a bit loose which is what I wanted so I can wear 2 pairs of socks or a pair of leg warmers as needed. I've worn them to work/school already and they were so comfortable, no need to break them in at all.    ","      Love these boots.  I maintain both my parents yard and ours.  Needed a boot that would hold up to 10 hour days in dirt, grass, mud and gravel.  This is my second pair.  The first lasted 4 years. Well made.  Very comfortable.  Highly recommend these boots    ","      I work in corn fields pretty much everyday. These help me so much in different terrains all over the state. I work in the hottest time of the year but I don’t feel as though these shoes make me feel overheated - they definitely need to be Febreezed at the end of the day, though.Fit as expected, and the high-top fit of it is comfortable and protects me from the elements.    ","      These shoes are great! I was surprised that they didnt need much wearing in at all. I didnt blister and I was wearing them for a good 6 or 7 hours. Super comfy, great for walking and climbing. I highly recommend! Columbia are a great brand!    ","      Llegaron antes de tiempo!Las botas están muy bonitas y son sumamente cómodas! Aún no las uso para alguna escalada pero se ve que van a funcionar bien. Pedí #5 que es mi talla habitual y me quedaron un poco flojas pero esta bien porque así puedo usar calcetas gruesas y supongo que un numero menos me hubiera quedado muy justo.    ","      I wore this to a festival in the desert for 4 days and never thought about my feet when wearing them, which means they were awesome! After reading reviews about the lack of arch support, I did put Dr Scholl's arch support inserts in them and that made them perfect. I tried a day without them and it wasn't so great. As for width, I have a medium to wide foot and felt they were almost too wide but with thick sock, they fit well.    ","      Confortable fit and for walking and hiking.    ","      These are very comfortable and warm, with excellent treads for snow, ice, and hiking. I'm very glad I purchased them, as they are well made, soft, suede(nubuck) and r waterproof. I cant wear anything but natural materials; man made shoes and boots make your feet sweat because they dont breathe, and they tend to take on odors to the point that u have to throw them out. Good price 4 real leather and Columbia sports brand. Would recommend!    ","      These held up great during my trip to Alaska! I put them through it too! My feet were never sore, and they kept out the elements. I wore them around the house a little and gardening once to break them in.    ","      Idéale pour la randonnée pédestre en hiver. Je les adore!! Elles sont juste parfaite, confortable, juste assez chaude…    ","      I just got them and haven't had a chance to really try them out except for around the house. They are very comfortable, I don't have the issue about the top of the boot rubbing on my toes like some people do, I see how it comes down a little but it doesn't rub. I was planning on using these for a winter backpacking trip, so I would hope they keep my feet warm, comfortable and somewhat waterproof (I still planned on using a waterproofer just to make sure). I only gave it 4 stars because I haven't had the chance to really try them out. I will update my review once I've actually used them!    ","      They are very comfortable and a great quality. The leather is good to keep the water out. The laces are a little stretchy and the bright red doesn’t match the coral on the boots but overall very satisfied.    ","      These boots are the best! I wanted a new pair of hiking boots that were a little less chunky than my previous pair, yet offered good ankle support and durability. I ordered my usual size, and they fit perfect! I had a camping trip up to the high country of Yosemite, and these boots needed no break in time for the trip. I hiked a few uphill trails with them, with no blisters! Highly recommend a pair of thick hiking socks to help prevent blisters as well. They are waterproof too which was nice when crossing rivers. Amazing boots for an amazing price!    ","      My wife has used this shoe in two hikes! (mt Monadnock and mt pierce) this shoe basically made her life confy and made through those two hikes (wet, muddy and rock scrambling) with no issue! HIGHLY recommended    ","      Used the boots for the first time on a 6mile hike they felt great!    ","      I work in very damp terrain and these boots keep my feet warm and dry throughout my day.    ","      Had bought them for my daughter and ended up returning them as they were too large. Was unable to replace them with a smaller size so ended up ordering a different style.    ","      Usually wear a size 10, but got a 10.5. The fit is good, and still have some toe room. The only break in needed is along the toe. Once the inner seam softens a bit it wont pinch the top of the toes, but it is a real thing as other reviewers have said.  They are flexible and light weight, but still durable for rocky terrain.    ","      Wore them 3 times now, went on a 3/4 mile walk. First time destroyed my feet. Tried putting some soles in them, tried lacing them better, got longer socks, still had awful pain. Third time really set in the blisters. I love the look of them, which sucks.    ","      I bought these to go hiking in the northern part of my state in the winter. They didn’t require much breaking in which was nice, however because of the way that the high-top style is designed it did rub at the heel (not a big problem once I put on thicker socks,) but in terms of ankle support it pulled through.    ","      These boots are wonderful.  They did hurt the first time I wore them but after breaking them in I have had no issues.  They are waterproof and hold terrain very well.  They also match pretty much any outfit.  I have used them on boulders and large rocks that are up to roughly 60 degree angles and terrain steeper than that and they have not let me down yet.  I have enjoyed using them on numerous hikes and they have so far kept me safe and dry.  Fingers crossed this continues.I am in Southern California and consider these my 'winter' hiking boots.  However, winter for me is nothing like winter in other parts of the world, so take that with a grain of salt.All in all, these have been just what I needed.  Hope this helps!    ","      No quería escribir una opinión hasta usarlas en el campo.Usualmente soy talla 9 americano (en los comentarios recomiendan pedir una talla más, yo no lo hice) pedí talla 9 y me quedaron bien, mi pie es delgado.Son muy ligeras, me lastimaron un poco pero es normal en la primera puesta. Pude caminar sobre piedras muy inclinadas y no resbalé. Las recomiendo mucho, además de ser de calidad son hermosas.    ","      These boots are good for the price point, and I’m pretty happy with them. I live and work in southern Arizona and wanted a full leather boot because a grass seeds have a major tendency to get caught in all the seams of my Keen Targhee 2 boots. While I don’t feel like these shoes have as much arch support, that can be fixed by placing an insole. I also find these very hot and my feet are usually soaked after wearing them for a day. Guess that is the trade off with a full leather boot. I have had cactus spines go through the leather so it’s not impenetrable.These are ok, but would I buy them again? Possibly, but I also might spring for a more expensive pair that didn’t leave my wool socks so soaked that I leave wet spots on the tile after taking off my shoes!    ","      Perfect fit. Wore for 3 hour hike right out of the box. Wish I had bought them sooner    ","      These boots are light weight, sturdy with good ankle support and good teeth on the bottom for gripping.  They are run true to size, but roomy (I like to wear 2 pairs of socks, or when I need heavier socks they will fit),  And the price is right.  I recommend these boots, great value for the price, and I have recommended them to my friends.  Note:  I use my boots for regular hiking, I have not used them for \"extreme hiking.\"  I am not sure if you would need more teeth grip on the sole for that..    ","      I’ve only worn these a handful of times so far (maybe like 5-10 times) but it’s always been through puddles since it is spring time. So far they are completely waterproof, which is one of the main reasons that I got them. The only way water can get into the boot is through the opening in the ankle (obviously). Super cute. I usually wear a size 8 1/2 but went a half size up so I could wear thick socks with them. They are a little big without thick socks but still comfortable. With thick socks they are perfect! I also think these are cute boots too, not bulky but entirely practical. Hopefully they last me years!    ","      Muy cómodas, las usé en bosque en época de lluvia y mis pies permanecieron secos. La talla bien amplia aunque a mí no me generó ningún problema, te da espacio para usar calcetas más gruesas si eres muy frío lento.    ","      These boots are a fairly stiff, not sure if that's just because they need to be worked in, but if I lace them up to fit snug I the metal hook parts hurt my ankles. I've been doing them loser and they're more comfortable that way. They seem to keep water out well but I've only worn them a few times.    ","      Super excited about writing this review I took these bad boys on an intense hike two days after I bought them. Ran them through mud, dirt and water for 9+hrs and my feet were barely even sore, super comfortable, super cute definitely one of my favorite purchases    ","      I really, really liked how these boots looked but the 8.5 (my size) was just a little large. The toe box kept creasing on me and no matter how tight I tried to lace the boot, it would not stop. Then I ordered a pair in 8, but then they were too tight!It was simply a case of my foot not cooperating. I'm sure these are fine boots but I returned them and decided to try a different brand.    ","      Have been looking for a good looking yet comfortable walking/light hiking boot for a couple of years now - this one fits the bill.I have serious,very heavy, non-flexible boots ($250 range) for serious difficult hiking.  Wanted, and couldn't find, a middle weight non-clunky, solid color boot; until now.The only thing I would change would be the sole color.Would prefer a color closer to the rest of the boot so the whole boot looks one color and sleeker.I would color the sole if I thought it would work out - but I am sure it can't be done.Great boot at a great price. I paid $62.00 and bought the grey pair as well.I usually buy my boots a 1/2 size bigger for using thick socks or extra insoles for comfort.  The 1/2 size up from my normal worked well.    ","      I ordered these in my normal size and a size larger. I kept my normal size and even with socks...I had some room in the shoes but I rather them slightly bigger than too small. If you plan to wear thick socks then a larger size may be necessary. Otherwise comfortable. Lightweight. So happy I bought them. No blisters and protected my feet. My suggestion to others would be to buy your normal size and one size bigger...and then decided which fit is better. Some folks might want a fit that’s a little looser to allow different type of socks but some might want a more snug fit.    ","      I work on a horse farm.  Typically walk 10-15 a day.  These boots hold up, they’re waterproof and comfortable!  These are my 2nd pair.  I hope they never stop making them    ","      Love this brand (I always buy my winter coats from Columbia) so I tried these.  I am so happy!!!  They are so comfortable and I have a bad ankle and it keeps it very stable.    ","      The boots felt good intitially. Wore them for the 1st time on a 5.5-mi hike. The shoelaces started to loosen as the hike progressed tho which was a bit iriating as I didn’t want to re-tie them. I had on 2-pairs of socks as usual but they still seem a bit big. I could probably go down a 1/2 size if they were available. I like the construction and the look tho. They are higher around my skinny ankles than my last pair so I’m getting used to that.    ","      I would rate these at a 4.5. I wear an 8.5-9 depending on brand. These had alot more toe room than expected for an 8.5 and I have medium width feet. They are fine with a thicker sock. They're a bit stiff, but after a day of use they'll loosen up. They sit right at the ankle and will rub, but the material will bend with motion. So if you have \"kankles,\" i dont think youll favor these too much. They're very comfortable and warm. I used them on slippery snow pack and held up quite well as far as tread and kept the wet out. Theyre also pretty light in my opinion. Highly recommend for the price!    ","      So far, these boots have held up through a lot of rain and mud while hiking and have stayed comfortable throughout. Not too bulky, but not so tight that I’m unable to wear a hiking sock.    ","      I was a little nervous to get these as the reviews I read were very mixed. However, it sounds like sizing up is the best way to go! I did just that and have no problems so far. You can still feel the top of the shoe on your toe, but nothing painful. Definitely worth the buy as long as you size correctly!    ","      These are ugly looking boots in my opinion, but compared to the Timberland boots we ordered at the same time, these boots were a million times more comfortable.  What's more, they required ZERO break in time.  You could buy these boots and hike all day in them the next day.  Dear daughter did that, in fact, with no blisters or any problems.  Fit is great on these.  For the price and practicality these shoes are definitely worth it, and they're a lot cheaper than Tims.    ","      These are great! Comfortable fit, and basically no breaking in time. Pretty much wore them for a couple hours around the house, then the next day took them on a 5 mile moderate hike with decent sized ups and downs and my feet didnt hurt at all during the hike or after. Fantastic shoes and worth every penny. Definitely be buying another pair when the one ive got wears out.    ","      I've had these boots for about seven months.  Most things I really like, fit, comfort, style, but the two sets of speed lacing hooks near the top are a huge problem for me.  I've had the laces catch a bit over the last seven months, but a few days ago, one of the laces came unhooked from one boot and re-hooked onto the other boot hook.  It was just as if someone had tied my shoelaces together.  I fell forward really hard on the gravel road and landed on my left knee, palms, and nose.  Fortunately, I did not break any bones.  I was really scared, though, since I have osteoporosis and it could have been a lot worse.  As it was, I was picking gravel out of my palms, had a big knot on my knee at first and I still have a bruise on the bridge of my nose.  I ended up just closing the hooks with a pair of needle-nosed pliers to keep that from happening again.  I thought it was just a freak accident, but when I posted on my osteoporosis site, there were two others who said the same thing happened to them.  Lots of companies have gone to speed lacing hooks for the convenience factor, but I'd rather have eyelets for the safety factor.    ","      I bought these for work and the boots did not disappoint! I work outdoors in all weather and often use a hose to clean. These boots keep my feet completely dry all day even in heavy rain and puddles and when I inevitably spray myself with a hose! They took a few days to break in and be comfortable, but now they fit well and don't hurt at all. Traction is really great especially on uneven/slippery surfaces. Kind of pricey, which is expected of Columbia products, but all around solid hiking boots.    ","      Great looking boot, but ordered my usual size and it was a half size too small. Returned and reordered a half size up and they fit with a thick hiking sock.    ","      The boots we delivered very quickly and I was able to break them in pretty well within the first week. Like other reviews state, it would be in your best interest to go up half or a full size. I bought an 11 and would have liked to get a 12 but it was going to cost twice as much. They fit well, I just won't be able to wear thick socks when it gets colder. I wear them everyday and I've noticed my feet are feeling much better than they used to after wearing my previous pair of hiking boots.    ","      I needed a pair of boots for a last minute hiking trip, and ordered these on a whim. Day two of breaking them in, and they are already very comfortable! And I also didn't have to size up, even though I'll be wearing thicker socks--that might vary for someone else, though. Anyway, they're comfy, they fit great, and held up to my 'test hiking' the first day I bought them. 4 stars because I haven't actually been on my trip yet to really test them, but I have high hopes based on what I see so far!!    ","      The first pair I ordered was defective, there was a huge lump in the inside by the ball of my foot. I returned the item and was sent a replacement. Their placement is perfect! This is a strong, well-made shoe. It feels like I need to wear them more to break them in. It helps that I also wear them with thick warm socks. I use these shoes when walking my dog in the winter and to the dog park. I definitely recommend them.    ","      Very comfortable. Nice soft tongue. The only issue I have with this shoe is the way it \"breaks\" when you hike uphill. The crease in the toe box is sharp and can hurt your toes if you aren't careful.    ","      Overall a great shoe. They were comfortable what keeps it from 5stars is  down hill my foot would slide to the front and it hurt my small toes after a while. The shoe runs slightly bigger.    ","      I can’t speak for quality as I will be returning for a smaller size, but they ran big for me. I ordered a size 6, my normal size, and it was way too roomy and didn’t feel secure. Surprising because I’ve never been able to wear 5.5 in any kind of shoes before. So just be mindful, if deciding between two sizes, go with the smaller.    ","      These are a rare boot that actually looks nice. Very comfortable. I wouldn't count on them for heavy duty hiking as the ankle support isn't great. But for all around city or weekend hiking, they are perfect.    ","      Best boots ever owned!  So pleased.  Ordered 1/2 up per customer reviews and was a perfect fit!    ","      I ordered 1/2 size up cause your feet swell when hiking and I’m prone to ingrown toenails. They fit really well and I have room for hiking socks and feet swelling. They are waterproof, so that makes them kind of warm. My feet got a little toasty in August here in the PNW, but not uncomfortably hot but enough that I noticed.    ","      Going to be using them on trip to Ireland    ","      I bought these for my trip to Mendocino, realizing I’ve been hiking in sneakers for too long now. Wow! I didn’t even have to break them in - no blisters and great support on first use. Excellent for mud, brush and slippery surfaces. I felt so at ease trekking the rough terrain. A MUST for anyone who likes to casually hike!    ","      I ordered half a size up and wish I just stayed at my regular size 8. I’ve been hiking a few times and kept my feet warm and dry in the snow and muddy trails. I read many reviews and picked these and very happy with my choice    ","      I was looking for a decent pair of boots for my 14 year old daughter who has 11.5 feet. We go backcountry camping so comfort and good ankle support are key plus a reasonable price. She needed decent hiking socks to give the boots a good fit as her feet are narrow but overall very pleased with this purchase    ","      I am returning these.  They fit fine and seem to be true to size, but they feel a little flimsy and fit and feel more like sneakers than heavy duty boots, which is what I'm looking for.  The tongue also does not seem to be waterproof.  I'm going with Timberlands instead, which I have bought before and really like, though they are not as cute as these Columbias.    ","      These were great for a trip to Iceland. They were a bit large, I am usually a women's 11 but needed more like a 10.5 for this one. I did use inserts and wore multiple layers of socks and it was still too big. They were good, though at keeping water out and were generally comfortable (even as a bit too large). After 10 days of hiking through Iceland it wasn't until the 8th or 9th that my knees or feet started hurting (an issue I've had for a long time) which is really saying a lot, as usually they hurt after just a few hours or walking.    ","      I love these shoes! My first pair of hiking shoes and they kept my feet warm and dry even at 20 degrees. They definitely run a little big, I usually have to size up when I am planning on wearing thick socks but it worked with my usual 8.5! 9 was way too big.    ","      In the add, it says Size fits as expected but they are too small.  I would definitely order a .5 size bigger.  Other than that, they are really nice and light weight.    ","      I ordered these boots for a several weeks trek outside of the country.  I did not have time to try to break them in as I usually do with new boots, so I was a little worried at first.  Through the entire trip of a few weeks, they were very comfortable over rocky, slippery and wet terrain, wore them for at least 8 hours each day.  My feet were thankful, no discomfort or rubbing in sensitive areas and the boots are lightweight.  I have a medium high instep and I walked in comfort the entire trip. I would recommend.    ","      Great looking boot but I returned them due to the toe box collapsing. It happened on the 7 which was a little big and again when I tried the 6.5 on at a store. That size fit perfectly but the toe collapse was a no go. Surprisingly the same boot in the AMPED version fit great and didn’t collapse so I bought those instead in the store. The sizing was different so I got them in a 7. Ordering shoes online has its con’s.    ","      I hiked my Washington in these! I was nervous because apparently you are supposed to break in hiking boots before a big hike. These were perfect straight out of the box 10/10!!    ","      My first hike in my new boots was over 6 miles. I only got blisters on one toe. That was not the hiking boots fault for this toe gets blisters in all my hiking boots if I’m going down hill a lot.    ","      This boot is warm and waterproof and runs true ro size. I bought 2 colors and they are both much darker than shown. Not a deal breaker for me but just a caution.    ","      Don’t typically right reviews but these shoes are comfy. Novice hiker, so I think they worked well for me! Would buy again. Bought .5 size up to allow space for thicker socks.    ","      I purchased these for hiking. First day I got them, I went hiking in a stream. These were great with traction for the most part and are definitely water proof. I went with a 1/2 of a size larger, due to my feet swelling when I hike and they were perfect. Colors are great and I had no issues with breaking them in. Just make sure you wear long socks to prevent your ankles from rubbing on the inside of the boot!    ","      I bought these shoes to try for crime scenes since we go out in all kinds of weather. We recently had a scene in pouring rain and wind. These boots kept my feet warm and dry, even standing in puddles for extended periods.They fit really well and are super comfortable.    ","      I’ve been on two hiking trails in Texas for the last two weeks and I love these boots.  They provide great ankle support also. They are comfortable, sturdy and can sustain you on any rocky, muddy, smooth and uneven terrain.    ","      These are great simple hiking boots. I wouldn’t say they have intense tread, but much much better than your average gym shoe. Excellent ankle support as that was crucial to me. The style is cute and functional and the laces are pretty good, only having to retie 1-2 times on a 10 hour hike.    ","      ¡Me encantaron! Las compré para hacer senderismo y son ultraligeras y comodísimas, además de ser repelentes al agua. He hecho caminata de 10 kms y no cansan en lo absoluto.La mayoría de los comentarios decían que eran “true size” pero vienen amplias. Las pedí en 4.5 mx y siento que me quedaron al menos 1/2 número más grandes. Solamente las ajusto bien y listo. Ampliamente recomendables, a un excelente precio y calidad.    ","      These hiking boots rule. They have weathered all four seasons, going through mud, snow, grass and over rocks, and they don't skip a beat. They keep my feet comfortable after 10 miles, they keep them warm in snow, they keep them dry from water or mud. and they're easy to keep clean.    ","      I really needed some boots that wouldn’t hurt after days on my feet and would be easy to clean if mud got on them. I work in dog care and the like so- i’m always walking, running and getting dirty. Wore these shoes for an overnight trip with 9 big dogs and they did great with keeping my feet from feeling like death and they were an easy wipe down to get rid of mud. Very sturdy and a great product considering the price. I feel content that they won’t get destroyed on me anytime soon :)    ","      Haven' t hiked with them yet, but seem very sturdy, well-made, and they're comfortable. I'm happy with the purchase, BUT I would have gotten another color if they were all the same price.  I got the least expensive black ones. I think charging more money for certain colors is ludicrous. C'mon! It should be one price, whatever color you choose. That's why I'm giving Columbia 3 stars.    ","      As a geologist a good pair of hiking boots is a must. I wore them for a weekend straight recently and they were awesome. They are a tiny bit more narrow than i prefer but for half the price of keens i am very happy. Plus they are indeed water proof (had no issues walking in small puddles/wet grass. My feet stayed dry)! They will be traveling with me this summer to Colorado and India and i will update after those trips to see if they are still comfortable and how they hold up to 2 months of straight use.    ","      These boots arrived just on time before a camping trip to Yosemite, and the first time ever that I wore them, was to hike El Capitan! That's an 8 hour, 15 mile hike, with several thousand feet of elevation gain through stones, boulders, trees and slippery slabs of rock. I was worried they might hurt my feet since I hadn't been able to \"break\" them first, but not only did they not hurt at all, but their grip kept me safe through some really slippery rock inclines. I have raved about them ever since! I LOVE THEM.    ","      Muy cumplidos gracias    ","      These shoes are a dream! I’m quite clumsy when I walk, and I knew it wouldn’t be any different while hiking, but these kept my feet safe with the awesome ankle support. The bed of the foot is wide enough for my wide/monkey feet, and remained waterproof even while stepping into the river for some water. I thought I would need to break them in but they were ready to go out of the box. I’d definitely recommend buying these. For reference, I’m usually a 7.5 in women but I sized up to an 8 and, paired with some wool socks, they fit perfect. Happy trekking!    ","      Me quedaron Perfectos    ","      Been hiking a few times in these. Great ankle support and the hold up well climbing up mountains. I have not used them in snow or very rainy weather but so far they have held up pretty well.    ","      I have REALLY narrow feet, high arches and overpronate. I usually wear 8.5-9 and got a 9 and they fit great, roomy enough for thick socks if I need them. They have great support, not arch support really but they keep me from overpronating which takes pressure off my arches. They aren't too clunky either. I bought them for a class I'm taking that goes on field trips. It was going to be 100+ degrees so I wore low socks and it was a mistake, they rubbed my ankles pretty raw. I'll wear ankle socks next time, though. Otherwise, they're really comfortable and cute.    ","      These are comfortable and durable    ","      These boots are great so far! Have been on two hikes with them and NO complaints. They did not need to be broken in either, which is a bonus. I would definitely recommend these! I did size up by 1/2 because I like to wear thick socks and still be able to move my toes around comfortably.**my family hikes for fun, so don't know how these would be on long trips/\"professional\" hikes    ","      I went to the local sporting goods store and tried on these shoes to ensure I had the right size. The arch support is minimal, so I replaced the insoles with better ones. They are warm and didn’t need any real “breaking in” before taking them on a hiking trip.The tongue of the shoe does fall forward on one boot (right), but that may be because of the way I walk (?).I’m glad I bought these! Fit true to size.    ","      Love these sturdy boots, cute too. Originally the price caught my eye, but the quality sold me. Waterproof, leather and comfortable. Plenty of room and nice color and laces combination.    ","      The tan and red Columbia shoes I had been buying for years jumped $30, so I wanted to give these a shot.  I love them!  I wear orthotics and a heel lift.  Work great with these shoes.    ","      I had to get a half size bigger than my normal shoe size. Other than that great waterproof hiking boot!    ","      Love these boots to wear for work, hiking, trail walking or even shopping.  They’re stylish, have good ankle support, and are about as comfortable a boot as you can find. I wore them recently on a trip to central New York and with a pair of Carhart heavier socks, my feet got a little cold when outside for an hour or so, but not bad at all, and to be honest I didn’t buy them as a winter boot anyhow.    ","      Comfortable, supportive. Works well with any kind of casual attire (like jeans) even when you're not hiking. Took only a day or two to break them in.    ","      I have a large foot (size 11 and on the wide side) and after reading the other reviews, I decided to go for it with these boots and ordered my regular size. I'm so glad I did because they fit and felt great on my feet right out of the box. I've never owned Columbias before but I rarely experience this much ease with purchasing shoes and having them fit well immediately, so I'm already impressed. I have yet to go on a hike with them and will certainly make updates here if my experiences change, but so far while wearing these hiking boots for a few hours here and there to break them in, I am more comfortable than I am in most shoes.    ","      I love these boots! I spent the first half of the summer hiking in my tennis shoes and now after hiking in these boots, I can't believe how much time I wasted in the wrong shoes. These boots have sturdy soles making rocky trails bearable, perfect ankle support, and keep your feet dry in rainy conditions. Also, they are attractive which can be harder to find in hiking boots than one may think. Columbia is a great brand for quality at a reasonable price. You don't pay as much for the logo.    ","      Honestly, I love this shoe. Bought it so I can do a lot more of hiking and for the first time I did put them in use it worked very well. I did a 24 mile hike, back and forth, on a dirt trail to Havasu Reservation and it supported me very well and it is very light. The down side is it did give me blisters, but I believe it was my fault for not wearing a thicker socks since I did buy a half size bigger than my regular size. Other than that I love it!    ","      I got these and I  really like them. They fit just right and they are comfortable. They seem to be well made! I like that they are waterproof! I am looking forward to using them often!    ","      Habituellement je porte du 6.5 dans mes chaussure et je voulais un peu plus grand pour mettre un gros bas... les bottes sont ultras confortable et me laisse de l'espace comme prévu pour mon bas! Je suis complètement en amour avec le produit. Wow!    ","      I found these to be comfy hiking boots.    ","      Fit and look great, none slip soles    ","      If you've been looking at these for a while.. BUY THEM!! I'm so happy I did. I had honestly been looking at these shoes for months before I took the plunge and bought them. I had a trip coming up with LOTS of hiking and I wasn't liking anything I was finding in stores. Breaking them in took maybe 1-2 days, it was easy and not painful. Since then, I've worn them while hiking Yosemite, the Grand Canyon, and Zion / Angel's Landing. I almost never write reviews, but I definitely 10/10 would recommend.    ","      Love these boots    ","      Amazing shoes. I am working 10 hours a day and all the time on my feet walking. I make 10 miles walking every day. I have these shoes for four days already and I must say the experience wearing them is priceless. They are soft and comfortable, high enough so my shin does not hurt. My heels won’t hurt either. No blisters and they look awesome. There was no special needs for breaking them, I just put them on and was good to go. They are waterproof for sure, already checked that too. All in all these shoes are amazing. If I jave to buy again I will purchase the same. Amazing    ","      I love these boots!! I wear them often. I did upgrade the laces though! Only because I love the color red. The boots are comfortable, my feet stay warm & so far they've kept my feet dry! I haven't hiked in them yet but I plan on it soon!!    ","      They look great! good waterproof and all-weather protection. The sole is tough, good grip in terrain. After a 30 km hike, I they got to heavy and started to hurt on the ankles. I have really thin ankles, so even though I tie them as tight as possible they started to feel uncomfortable after the 20 km. Still like them, but would not recommend if you plan on using them for long hikes.    ","      There are now 4 pairs of these boots in my immediate family. I bought my pair after my mom and a couple of my sisters each got some and loved them. One sister wore hers to hike the Grand Canyon earlier this year. The rest of us wore ours on less strenuous hikes in the Rocky Mountains and Big Bend National Park.I wear a Women's 10/10.5 so I went with a 10.5 and I'm glad I did. I wouldn't say that they run small, just that it's nice to be able to wear thick hiking socks. Also, you may want to get an insole as there isn't tons of cushion/arch support.    ","      I absolutely love this boot! I ordered it just before I went on a trip where I hiked quite a bit. I never had to break them in, I just put them on and went! I was hesitate about sizing because of some of the reviews I read on here so I ended up just getting my normal size and it fit perfectly!    ","      Ordered and then it got lost in shipping but I contacted Amazon and they sent another pair out immediately.  Was exactly what I wanted!    ","      The front black rubber peeled off from the leather surface (~2 inches) during the 1st trip after  wearing about one week.    ","      These shoes are awesome. They fit perfect.  They are light weight and made extremely well.  They are all that I have come to expect from the Columbia brand. I never had to break them in as with my other boots as well by Columbia.  They never hurt my feet. Put them on right out of the box and wore them all day with no problems at all. They are extremely comfortable.    ","      I am a size 6 but ordered a black size 6.5. This was the perfect shoe for long hikes. After a week in Utah, this shoe helped me survive it all. I am overweight and with a previously broken foot. However this shoe was so comfortable and helped me last all day long without pain.    ","      Love these hiking boots! Very comfortable fit and true to size. I was looking for boots that give decent ankle support but are still flexible, and these boots definitely provide that. Will definitely purchase again once I need a new pair!    ","      I love them. I went to machu picchu, rainbow mountain, walked a lot for 10 consecutive days without any concern with this new boots. Very comfortable!!!!!    ","      Second pair of these for my daughter who outgrew the last pair.  These are actually waterproof and not just \"kind of\" waterproof.  Excellent fit and support and they look fantastic too,  Perfect hiker.    ","      I have terrible feet, so I need a good stable yet comfortable shoe for walking. I thought I would order these and give them a try. Not only are they comfortable, but they hold up very well. I took a hike with a few somewhat challenging hills, and I didn't have any problems. I love these. They are also very warm, which means they may not be great for warm weather.    ","      Not sure - just got these and was impressed by the massive positive reviews. I am a beginner, so I don't need the most expensive and baddest boot out there, but I would like something comfortable as I decide if hiking is for me or not. The first thing I want to know is are these really leather? The box and the boot decline to identify what I consider that textured rubber look and smell - the description of the boot on Amazon says they are indeed leather, but I suspect they are not and will peel away. Anyone? It may be the ultimate deciding point on whether I keep them and give them a try or not.I ordered a half size up to accommodate a heavier sock and possibly a foot bed liner as I do better with than without those. Advice on this end is also welcome.  Remember, I'm a beginner.    ","      Solo las he usado una semana y dan la impresión de tener mucho uso.    ","      I never write reviews for products but these boots are great. These are great quality for the price and $20 cheaper on here than from the actual companies website. No leaks, completely waterproof. Wore them for a 7 mile hike right out of the box and was fine, no blisters or rubs. Consider sizing up half a size for room for thicker socks. Definitely worth the money!!    ","      I bought these for a week of hiking and they held up great. They were comfortable and supported my ankles well. I had no problem breaking them in and they did not cause any chafing, especially with thick socks. I was worried about the dark brown being too dark but it looks lighter outside (and when covered in dirt!) I did notice some creases around the toe area due to extra space as others mentioned as well, but this did not cause any functional problems.    ","      I bought these boots for a cross country trip. I read many articles on “best hiking boots” and this one was in the top 3 in every article. I opened the box and let me just say this is a beautiful boot. I love the colors and it is not too chunky looking, a really pretty boot. I picked up the boot and it is lightweight. I put the boot on and it fit perfectly it is very comfortable. I thought to my self, I’ve got the perfect boot!!!! I took my first step and what is that toe pinching pain!!! O-no this cant be right, the boot is so pretty. Maybe if I march or walk without bending my toe, I attempted to walk/march/waddle from the living room to the kitchen and it was no use, the toe pinching feeling was horrible. This is not the boot I’ve been looking for. I know finding a good quality comfortable hiking boot is difficult but keep looking, these are not the shoes for you.    ","      The shoe is fantastic but it does bend when you walk and makes that toe crease so your toes might get irritated after a long day of walking/hiking    ","      Stiff upper portion took awhile to break in. Wear thick socks that are mid calf high, and you may prevent chafing at ankles. The toe box doesn’t feel tight, but trim toenails short to avoid poking holes in socks. I think they are waterproof, but noticed some mid-toe leaking after walking in heavy snow.    ","                                                                                                                                                                De media kon niet worden geladen.                                                                                    ","      These boots are comfortable right out of the box!  My husband got a pair of the men's boots and we wore them for a 3 and a half mile hike through muddy slush and our feet stayed warm and dry. The boots are lightweight and feel more like tennis shoes. After reading some of the reviews, I ordered a half size larger than my regular shoe size and they fit perfectly with my gel insoles and wool socks.    ","      I wear a 7 1/2 and the shoe feels too big. I wasn’t able to return/exchange due to the time limit. I wish I would have gotten a size 7 instead. But overall great shoe!    ","      Recieved these boots yesterday wore them around the house for a bit. I have high arches. No arch support in these for me. Put insoles in. Fit perfect. Took them on a two hour hike today. Comfortable and warm. No rubbing and good ankle support.    ","      I didn’t realize they were women’s boots when I bought them. My son wears them as snow boot, he liked the color so that why I got the boots. When I found out they were women’s I never told him so it worked out.    ","      I Iike these boots VERY much.  They are truly waterproof and fit well with regular socks.  They were a little stiff when I first wore them, but they are molding nicely to the shape of my feet.  I would recommend these boots to anyone who likes to hike over rough terrain.    ","      These boots are so comfortable and light weight.    ","      Love theses boots, fit perfect and very comfortable. I always get a 1/2 size larger in boots and they fit great, I where 7 1/2 and ordered an 8, also have room to move your toes.I have planter fasciitis and my feet always hurt, I have been buying keen targhee and at first they where great but for some reason my feet have changed and they now hurt my feet. I decided to try the Columbia Newton and love them so far.Also you can remove the inserts and put your own in.    ","      Love these !! Theyre my first pair of hiking boots and are great if you're looking for a cheap pair of boots without sacrificing quality. I broke them in on a 10 mile hike (usually a bad idea) with no backup shoes and they were just fine. Definitely follow the size chart and go bigger if you're in between sizes.    ","      Waterproof and sturdy, but definitely not warm winter boots. My feet are a little on the wide side so they took some breaking in but all in all very good general use hiking boots! Bought them for a week in Iceland in winter and ended up wearing snow boots the majority of the time because even with wool socks these didn’t keep hm feet warm. There’s good arch support.    ","      True to size. Lots of room. I order hiking shoes a 1/2 size up so I can wear thick socks. Not sure what the problem was with some reviews and the shoe cutting into the toes. Not a problem for me.    ","      Wore these hiking in Colorado and I can’t say enough good about them. Price is right & so is the fit! Buy them!    ","      These are photos of left boot after 3.5 hrs having them on. I rang several numbers to ask what to do but everyone I spoke to directed me to another one.    ","      I really like these boots.  Today is my first day to wear them and so far they are very comfortable.  I have previously bought the Women's Dakota Drifter Trail Shoe, also by Columbia, and had good luck with them.  I found that these are true to size.  I normally wear a 5.5 in a pump or a 6 in flats or sneakers.  This pair is a size 6 and fits perfectly.  I don't plan on doing a lot of hiking in them, I just wanted a good pair of boots.  So far these fit the bill.    ","      These boots fit me perfectly! I hiked 5 miles the first time I wore them and they were very comfortable. The toe area did fold right above my big toe so I can see how others found that uncomfortable, however, it was not issue for me. I am really pleased woth this purchase!    ","      Fits well, I made a mistake in wearing short socks and I got blisters on our hike.    ","      Très bonnes bottes! Je conseil de les \"casser\" avant de les porter pour une longue expédition.    ","      Waterproof and sturdy hiking boots give my flat feet the strongest support. The width is correct, but I find the size 6 seems smaller than usual, squeezing my toes.    ","      These hiking boots were exactly what I was looking for. I ordered half a size up just to be safe (7.5) and they fit very comfortably! I wore them for the first time on a 5 mile hike and had minimal discomfort from what you would expect from breaking in a new pair of boots. They are high quality and durable. I definitely recommend.    ","      I have worn these outside everyday to do yard work for well over a year and they're the best boots for the price. I am taking them hiking in a couple weeks for the first time so I will update on whether or not the toe buckled or I tripped because the shoelace caught the eye of the other boot😂    ","      Felt comfortable the minute I put them on.  They didn't need any break in for me.  I was a tad unsure about them as I have had problems with ankle height boots rubbing around the top.  these didn't bother me at all.  So far, they have been waterproof.  I live in a rainy climate and so they pass that test for me.  Some call these middle of the line hiking boots. For me, they were a bit expensive, but worth every penny I spent on them.    ","      This is the second pair I’ve ordered in the past year (one in blue and one in brown).  They are great for icy, cold, wet, winter days, I bought them one size larger so that I could wear them with a thick sock.  I need the padded sock because the shoe is not very soft.  The shoe has excellent traction and the color selection is very appealing.  Looks more expensive than the asking price.    ","      These are great waterproof boots. I bought them for the Spring and Fall when I can't wear sneakers when I hike. They keep my feet from getting muddy and wet. They are a little stiff until they got worked in. I could only wear them for about an hour to two hours before I needed to take them off but after a few wears they were so much better plus if you wear thicker socks that helps too.    ","      I hiked at Red Rock Canyon's Calico Basin Trail at Las Vegas, and these shoes gave me the confidence to finish the trail despite the steeper parts. I also walked two miles in the pouring rain and no water got in. I'm very satisfied with these boots!    ","      I would like to give them 5 stars. Needed to put shoe liners and wear heavy socks run big. Lacing could be better firm boots.  In process of breaking them in they are comfortable. They are sterdy strong waterproof.  I like the way they look.    ","      Soy de pie delgado y puedo llegar a ser 2.5 en zapatos y pedí en 3. Se ajustaron muy bien, son ligeros y excelentes para caminar.    ","      Loved the shoe, a little tight, did not like the fact of no real arch support. I need that when hiking.    ","      This is my second pair of Columbia boots.  I bought a suede pair that I just love, but wanted a pair to wear out and get dirty.  These are great...comfortable, sized right, waterproof and reasonably priced....bought on sale.    ","      Very comfortable shoes, they also look very stylish. Took them on a hiking trip recently to Hawaii, kept my feet comfortable all day. Also kept my feet dry in wet conditions. This is my second pair of the shoe, I passed along my old ones to my daughter. I would definitely buy these again and highly recommend them!If you found this helpful please click the button below :)    ","      The boots are very comfortable however after about 4 months the seams started conking undone. Now there is a hold in the side from a seam coming undone and I cannot do anything about it because I’ve had them so long. This is the second pair I have had this problem with and the first one happened within the same amount of time. If your going to spend a good penny on boots don’t get these keep looking.    ","      I was worried about the toe pinching issue some people had, I’ve had a lot of issues with toes in closed toe shoes. No problems and didn’t need to break in, wore straight to a pretty challenging  couple hour hike with no problems    ","      This was my first hiking shoe. I used these to camp out for several days in backcountry Utah and also wore them every day while working for nature conservation where we spend time time in the freezing mountains, the dessert, and also in and out of streams in all kinds of weather conditions. These have been my saving grace. Although I didn’t  know what to expect from hiking boots, these seemed to have satisfied my need. I highly recommend if you’re new to hiking or camping.    ","      In this past few days of snow sleet and ice, I have had the benefit of my new hiking boots!  They are quite comfortable, and look great.  Held up to the inclement weather without any damage to the boots!    ","      These were purchased for my daughter, we do a lot of day hikes around the area we live.  They are lightweight enough to not be super hot in our hot weather but provide a good arch and ankle support for the uneven terrain.  The price point was really great for this quality boot.    ","      I took these babies hiking and my feet did not hurt and they looked so cute on me. I plan to get more in different colors    ","      I love these boots! I have been wearing them constantly for the last five years, and they are still extremely well-fitting, support your feet, and have amazing grip.    ","      The boots are very comfortable, light weight and fit well - the first time I put them on I wore them in total comfort for several hours!  Since then, I have been wearing them all day long with no pinching or binding.  The quality and construction are superior.  They are very well made and attractive.  I am very pleased with the purchase and would  recommend this brand and style to anyone looking for a good moderately priced hiking/walking shoe.    ","      Bought these a year ago and have worn them a lot. I have tons of foot problems - bunions, no arches, arthritis in my toes and plantar fasciitis, so finding shoes that work is difficult. I did need to add a 3/4-insert with a bit of extra heel padding, but spent five days walking and sight-seeing in NY City right after I bought these and my feet did great! (Yeah, I know, hiking boots on the streets of NY = stylish.) I've also worn them for multiple longish hikes. Highly recommend!    ","      These were great. No need to break in. I walk/ hike daily 3-8 miles. The soles lasted only six months but that's probably due to the mileage. I ordered a replacement pair in the grey and they were more problematic. The grey pair has some spots that rub inside and caused blisters. No sock change, no trail change, no foot change; it makes no sense! The greys are uncomfortable and I have to use other ones to go the distances I'm used to. I now use the greys for brief errands.    ","      This is a great boot for hiking. It is waterproof and comfortable!    ","      These have made it up whiteface mountain and Greylock mountain with me in the dead of winter. They're supportive and great quality for the price point. However, they lack insulation so I always wear wool socks. They're waterproof which is awesome too. I love them and they hold a special place in my heart as being my first pair of hiking boots! Size 7.5 fit perfectly for me and is my usual size.    ","      What a wonderful boot! This is my second pair and I love the lightweight and waterproof of this boot. Super comfortable. True to size with room for a thicker sock. I originally ordered a half size larger and had to send that back. Typical hiking boots don't give me the room for thicker sock and foot flex. This boot fits nicely and allows for foot movement without toes jamming into the boot. I really love this boot! I highly recommend them and order them in your true size.    ","      Lightweight yet solid. Walked all day and feet were ok    ","      I really wanted to like these shoes! However, unless you are walking on even ground or pavement, you will get blisters! I’ve worn these on hikes in Utah and I have horrible blisters after 1 day under 10 miles of hiking. I recently brought these on a backpacking trip in Virginia on a rainy day, and had to take them off after about 3 hours and switch to my barefoot shoes (which got soaked, but no blisters) after I started to feel my skin rubbing. I wear these now as rain boots.    ","      I purchased these boots for my mother to do work in the yard.  However, they were so cute she could actually where them while she is out and about.  The picture does not do them justice.  They are true to size and of great quality.    ","      The boots were perffect for what I needed. I did purchase mink oil with them and applied that before ussing. I wore them all day in the hot sun and they did not make my feet overly hot and they stayed comfortable all day. I did not need to break them in as they felt good right out of the box. I bought them in hopes of something light wieght, rugged when on rough terrain, and waterproof, I am very happy with the product.    ","      I use these boots all the time. They are comfortable and not to heavy. They laces stay tied and they come to a good spot above the ankle and are supportive. The color hasn't faded and they keep the moisture out very well.    ","      What a great hiking bootie!! They are soooo comfortable, love the ankle support!! I didn’t even have to break them in! Hiked for 8hours with them in Banff and many other mountains, definitely worth the purchase!    ","      Very comfortable.  Would definitely recommend.    ","      True to size. I wear a 9.5 running shoe, and an 8.5 in any other shoe. I ordered the 8.5, and it’s perfect. I did a 5 mile hike to break them in, and then did 8 miles the next day on the AT.    ","      I bought these for memorial weekend to use while riding quads and these were so comfortable and durable. I absolutely was surprised how good these boots fit and we're so comfortable.    ","      I love that they are waterproof and comfortable. I have worn them several times hiking and they have been awesome!    ","      Defective boot, how did this pass inspection.  One insole shorter than the length of the boot    ","      Fit perfect & so comfortable    ","      I spent a couple of days breaking them in. And they worked great! I spent a couple of days hiking and Yosemite National Park and they did a great job.I order my size.    ","      I did three back to back days of hiking through UT and AZ, with wool socks, and there was still plenty of room in the shoe; comfy but not too roomy. I don't think half a size up is necessary at all. I did not experience any severe bending or dips in the toe box area i'm grateful to say. I recommend these shoes, definitely waterproof and sturdy for a great price.    ","      I am very happy with my new boots.  I was afraid to order hiking boots online.  They are great!  My walking shoes had been getting soaked while walking my dog each morning.  Ugh!  Now when I get home my feet are dry.  Good ankle support and fit well.    ","      I had bones removed from my right foot so I'm always looking for the most comfortable shoe; especially for hiking! This were the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn out in the wilderness! 10/10!!!    ","      These shoes were a lifesaver for hiking! I had only ever hiked in running shoes and would get horrible, horrible blisters. I didn't even have to wear these in, they fit so well. I was afraid because they seemed narrow with hiking liners and socks on -- but they're turning out to be very malleable shoes that break in well. All of my other friends had wet feet by the end of the hike and these boots kept my feet dry and blister free. Great purchase for hiking, would recommend to anyone over running shoes :)    ","      Great hiking boots! Took them all over Seattle Washington and Alaska. Wear the right socks and you will have no problem.    ","      Great shoes! I am not a ‘serious hiker’ but these are super comfy to just wear as winter boots and are good for light hiking which what I have used for.  For the price and my intended use, these were a great choice!    ","      These boots are very comfortable, waterproof and easy to match!I’ve been to a few different hikes and it has a great ankle support. I definitely recommend it.    ","      Boot runs a little big. Maybe with a big sock.Comfy, secure, light weight and great ankle support. I love them. Next time i will get a half size smaller. I have skinny feet size 7    ","      Pulled the trigger on these before a strenuous 12 mile hike. Had only worn them twice on casual walks. I have really bad feet and my feet lasted and I only got 1 small blister. I had to add inserts for more arch support for my poor feet but love these!    ","      The boot itself is great. However, it does not fit me at all. It pinches at the toe pivot and hurts the top of my foot. The pivot point is simply at the wrong place for me. They may be perfect for others, but be prepared to return them.    ","      I was highly satisfied with the level of comfort and support these boots provided me. I’ve gone hiking multiple times in them and they successfully withstand mud, water, and rough terrain. I love the design and actual look of the shoe. Fits great and matches description. Would definitely recommend for anyone seeking a comfortable and reliable shoe.    ","      These boots are awesome. So light I thought the package was empty when it arrived! I wear 8 in regular shoes but since these are for hiking and thicker socks I went with size 8.5 and they are perfect. Look smaller in size, more like size 7.5. Can't wait to wear them on a hiking trip this weekend. They feel like no breaking in will be required. Perfect right out of the box.    ","      These shoes fit perfectly to size as my other shoes. They are great with getting wet and the grip is good. They aren’t uncomfortable to break in and the ankle support is awesome!    ","      I ordered these for my wife , she always uses columbia boots for work . This style is a little different than her usual pair , but she loves the way they fit , and likes this style better .    ","      Great hiking boot, very comfortable and lightweight. Fits larger than expected - I normally wear size 8.5 and the 8 is roomy especially around the toes. I tried 7.5 and it was a bit snug so went with the 8.    ","      I love these boots! I read a lot of reviews concerning comfort of theses babies, but I have had no issues! I bought one size up, based on reviews and suggestions and definitely don't regret it! Leaves me plenty of room to wear with wool socks when it's a bit colder, but I can also wear them with thinner socks without compromising a comfortable fit while hiking in warmer weather (which is all year round in Texas.) With thinner socks, I just make sure my laces are tight and I'm good to go! The color of these is also true to what is shown. Overall these boots look and feel great :)    ","      Love these boots. Quality material and look nice w leggings or jeans. Like that the inside material is not lined w fur. Feet stay warm but feet don't get hot. Sprayed em w waterproof spray and water stays out. Like the sturdy shoelaces.    ","      They were okay for the first few hikes when I was breaking them in. Decided to go on a 5 mile hike and ended up getting them wet while crossing a river. After that it went downhill. Ended up with awful blisters in the back of my feet. My foot removed around in them a lot once they were a bit wet too. They’re fine if they’re dry- just try not to get them drenched or they’ll become extremely uncomfortable.    ","      Love these boots.  I bought them for a recent trip to Iceland.  These kept my feet warm and dry even when my foot got completely submerged in a cold stream.  They are also very comfortable.  We did a LOT of walking on that trip and I never had an issue with these.  They do run big.  I usually wear 7 or 71/2. I ordered 71/2 to make sure I had room for thick socks and they are still a tad large.    ","      These are so comfortable! I love them. They're very cute, comfortable and have great grip. I feel like I could walk all day in them, and I have! Even as I've broken them in, they started out comfortable and have only gotten more comfortable!    ","      Broke these in while in Colorado.  Never once hurt my feet and I have extremely high arches. Best purchase in a while.    ","      Got these on Thursday and hiked Mount Washington on Saturday and I have not one complaint about these shoes. They made it to the summit with ease. They were comfortable, offered support, and did not weigh me down. I didn’t get a single blister despite this being the first time I wore them.    ","      I work in construction and was looking for a lightweight boot that would hold up to the mud and weather. These boots are perfect, they are extremely water proof and I love the style as well. They are not extremely warm so make sure to wear the right socks in the winter. I did wear them hiking after they were broken in and I got blisters on the tops of my toes, which I thought was weird. Good for everyday work boots, not great for long hikes!    ","      I love these boots. Great fit  & terrific grip on the trail. Plus they are waterproof.    ","      Very comfortable out of the box and warm for winter hiking.    ","      Ces bottes sont parfaites...wowww    ","      These boots did the job and required no break in period. First hike in them was a 7 mile loop with a 90% incline (lots of scrambling) in 110 degrees weather. My feet were never too warm even though the hike was completely Un-shaded. They handled and supported like a dream. If you want something comfortable, cute and reasonably priced. There are the ones for you. 10/10 would recommend. Thanks for coming to my ted talk.    ","      Awesome boot - waterproof and fits great. Have used it in the snow as well as on a hike to the bottom of the Grand Canyon and back up. Only complaint is the tongue constantly sticks out and won’t stay in which results in rocks and gravel getting in pretty easily if I’m not careful. It also just looks weird.    ","      I tried so many different shoes, but this one is true to size and fits perfectly. It is so comfortable, I could go hiking right away with this shoe, without having to wear them in. Love it! Came packaged very well too.    ","      The most comfortable boot I’ve ever worn.  From the moment I slipped my feet into them for the first time.  I’m ready to buy another pair.    ","      I had purchased a pair of boots a while back and unfortunately went with my usual shoe size and they were just too tight. I needed a new pair for an upcoming trip and got these in a 9 and they fit so much better! They seem to be great quality too.    ","      Got these for my wife for our longer hikes. They fit really well. They're not terribly heavy for their size and are very solid in their construction, we've done a few big hikes now and they've held up great. They are fully closed though so will get hot in warm weather.    ","      Super comfortable to wear all day. They don’t get too hot in warmer temperatures and didn’t feel like they were weighing me down. I usually wear a ladies 7 and these felt just a tiny bit too big but wore hiking socks and felt fine. I wore them for a 3-4 hour hike for the first time, no blisters or any irritation. Over all I really love these boots. Highly recommended!    ","      Really great fit and very comfortable right out of the box. I put in a cushier insole since the one that came with it was to thin. I recommend these.    ","      Wife loves the boots    ","      The fit and performance and looks are great. However, after having worn them one year in only cold wet and winter weather on my daily 2 mile walks on my neighborhood sidewalks, the heel surface has worn off and worn clear through on the left heel.  I feel the soles on these hiking boots should have lasted longer.    ","      I love these boots- they fit great, feel great, and are comfortable on long hikes, or even just wearing around town. However, the boots are not waterproof. Hiking in the snow, or even in just some puddles will get the inside of the shoe wet. My socks didn't really get wet, but the inside of the boots were damp and had to dry overnight before being used again. Even with the small issue of them not being waterproof, I definitely suggest them.    ","      Love these boots!  So comfortable and great to hike in!  Bought a pair of brown and black ones!!    ","      I wear a size 5.5 in shoes on average and got a 5.5 in these. The only place that bothered my when \"breaking in\" in the shoes was the back which was stiff and dug into my ankle a bit (but that's really easy to soften).I just got back from a field trip in my geology class. We hiked and camped in temperatures ranging from 50-20deg F and these kept my kept my feet dry even after traipsing through mud and water. It's got a good traction on the sole and the ankle support really helps.I wouldn't mind paying a little more for better arch support and overall sole comfort, but they aren't uncomfortable.Great hiking boots, great price.    ","      I finally ordered myself a pair of hiking boots and I couldn’t be happier with these!! I used them for light trail walking and for harder terrain and I felt supported in the ankle, great on the bottom of my feet. All around great value and support!! I plan on ordering a pair for my sister I love them so much    ","      Fit very well. Looking forward to my next hike.    ","      Would buy again!    ","      They are very sturdy and comfortable. They have a very hard toe to protect you from rocks, solid bottom, and nice laces. Would definitely recommend it to anyone who likes hiking!    ","      Lightweight, comfortable, waterproof. These were delivered last week and I've walked about 50kms in them. No blisters, fit correctly, I'm really pleased!    ","      The boots were perfect for my hike through the Guadalupe National Park in West Texas.  They are also great to wear in the cold just running errands.  I considered my purchase money well spent!    ","      I loved the look and fit of these shoes, I was really excited trying them on. The fit was true to size. But then I started walking around my house and immediately noticed the material above the toes caves inward with every step, and presses firmly down into my knuckles. I’m sad but I sent the back. There was NO WAY I could make it on a trail in these.    ","      For not breaking in these boots before a 10 day hike with the national parks. These were perfect… even handed angels landing like a champ!!    ","      I LOVEEEE these hiking boots and I always get compliments on the looks. They're very durable and they hold my ankle stable when climbing and walking. I've raved to numerous people about these boots and will be purchasing again when I wear these out!    ","      They fit as expected and they lend my ankles the support they need. I have worn them hiking a few times now and they make climbing up rocks, slopes, and uneven terrain much easier. Looking forward to seeing how they hold up long term.    ","      Nice looking boot & seems well made.  The fit is narrow on my medium width foot.  First time out ended up with a blister on my big toe where the boot flexes, after only about 4 miles.  Also the foot bed is not very resilient & needs lots of break in.  I’ll keep them & keep trying to break in gradually since I threw out the packing materials after first tried on.    ","      Boots fit perfect    ","      These hiking boots are comfortable but could use a bit more padding.  I like the look also.  Mostly, I use them when walking my dogs.  It was a great purchase!    ","      Definitely recommend. They’re so comfy and they really helped my hikes. They’re not heavy and they have really great grip for rockier/steeper hikes. I was worried they would be too thin for my fat feet but they were good!    ","      I haven’t took these bad boys out in the rain yet, but I hope to soon. They look good and fit good. Hug my feet in a warm, supportive way, not tight. I bought them to work (field-based) desert.    ","      The shoe laces are way to long!  I have to double tie them. I feel like a little kid. I'm 60 years old. LOL  I wish they were the right size for the boots I bought.  But other then that. I love them! They are so comfortable! And I love the style and the color. Thank you!Wendy    ","      Lo que no me gusto es que se resbala, no son anti deslizantes. La suela se desliza fácilmente en superficie húmeda    ","      Pedi una talla y media más grande por que leí que venia pequeño pero enrealidad creo que si ubiera pedido mi número me ubiera quedado mejor, muy buenos para realizar senderismo pero no los recomiendo para escalar ya que son botas y no son prácticos para pizar por caminos muy pequeños    ","      I love the look of the hiking boots but,  every time I wear them to hike on the trails I have to stop to get small pebbles, leaves and other forrest stuff out of my boots.  I have been walking on rocks, painful and aggravating!! pine needles etc.....how does this happen? ;  I make sure my shoes strings are tight and not missing a hole and they are high top boots. What do I need to do to be able to have an enjoyable hike in the woods without the woods bein in my boots???    ","      I got these to get me through the slippery, mucky bits of winter when a snow boot is too much.  These are perfect.  They give me some traction on the ice.    ","      I was worried about whether I should size up based on reviews. I ended up ordering true to size and they fit great! The inserts come out in case you have custom shoe inserts.    ","      Very pleased with the fit of the shoe.    ","      The shoes fit great.  They look pretty cool too but just need to try them out in the wilderness.    ","      Nice boots. Great for the price. I am hard on them as I hike regularly. I have had them a few months now and they are a bit smelly. But I guess that's what happens when you sweat in a waterproof boot.    ","      I need a 8.5 wide.We have even gone as far as contacting the seller here on Amazon. It is just not in stock.. or not available.. I am not sure which.But I can find that it is offered on the company site. Just cant seem to order from there.. So, My next step is to contact the company directly..It is very difficult for me to find a shoe that I am happy with. Mainly b/c not all shoes are made the same.  I normally wear a size 8... Heck I would even buy a size 6 in Men's.. but it is not offered. However, when I tried on this brand in the size 8. .. my foot was overhanging the sole of the shoes, and it felt like my poor toes were in a vice.Now if I wore the shoes barefooted.. it was a Perfect fit.    ","      Great for any terrain! It’s also fairly easy to clean. I’m not sure if it had any ankle support, but I did hike up a gravel mountain that was almost 90 degrees up and I had no problems. Make sure to air out the insides after a hike because it becomes moist.    ","      The shoes is not soft and comfy. easily get hurt    ","      Buy your actual size. Don’t size up. I ordered a half size bigger and they are to big. Good quality. Good aggressive tread grip.    ","      The best hiking boot there is. I’ve have 3 pairs and never have had blisters or had to break them in. Highly recommend!!    ","      Nice shoes. But not waterproof.    ","      When I read the reviews it says that these run small so i got a a size 10 a 9.5 would have been better, couldn't return because I started a new job yesterday and the boots were mandatory.  The boots look just like the picture, they are comfortable although a bit big I will try to wear a thicker pair of socks today.  I will say better big than small. I would recommend these boots.    ","      Super duper cute. Replaced a pair of Ahnus that I returned because I didn't like that they Ahnus had plastic shoelace hooks. These ones are metal hooks and super sturdy (they've gotten caught on my bike pedal a couple of times and have held up fine). I've been wearing them a lot over the past month and they're very lightweight and besides getting really dusty-looking, they don't show much sign of wear so far. Extremely comfortable from the get-go, didn't require much breaking in, if at all.    ","      They are perfect for hiking.  Bought to go to the Smokey Mountains wore them all day and my feet felt great.  Definitely recommend    ","      I really like these boots! I haven't been hiking in a long time and expected that I would end up with blisters and sore feet. I hiked approximately 5 miles a day (for 2 days) and feet were fine. No blisters and and no sour feet.    ","      I bought these boots and have been wearing them for about a week now. I am a car saleswoman in upstate NY...and let me just say these boots truly are waterproof and they are super comfortable with the long hours I work and I do ALOT of walking. They are warm as well..I definately recommend these boots...well worth every penny I spent.    ","      I've worn these to go hiking a few times now and they are comfortable. They've kept my feet dry when going through little streams which was nice! They're a little hard to keep clean but that's to be expected I suppose. It just seems like dust sticks to them in abundance. Nice ankle support.    ","      These boots were exactly what I was expecting. I bought them for a weekend hike. Wore them around a few days before to make sure they didn't hurt my feet. They didn't so I wore them hiking all day for two days. No blisters. No pain. Walked through water and mud and my feet never got wet. Walked up and down steep hills and had good traction. I'm always a size 9. Got a size 9 and it fit perfectly. Get shoes for a great price.Update-over 2 months later and multiple hiking weekends still the perfect boot. Great for bad arches. Comfy. Never any blisters.    ","      These boots are awesome.  This is my second pair. The first pair lasted 15 years and I still wear them although they look a bit tired. These boots are light weight. They keep my feet dry and warm.  They are as comfortable as sneakers on a walk. Good grips in snow and ice. And best is I can wear them indoors (shopping) without getting sweaty feet!  Totally recommend them!    ","      the boots arrived on time n new. Tried it out today. I wore it for almost 3 hours of shoveling snow in the 15F. my feet were warm throughout the three hours of being in the snow. in the past, when I shovel snow. I wore three pairs of socks with my other boot. Within 10 15 minutes, my toes were very cold. By the end of a 30 40 minutes session of shoveling snow, my toes hurt from being in the cold. I have not tried it in water yet, but the three hours of being in 15F and with warm toes , I am very impressed. Will update once I put it to use in water.    ","      Bought these for my wife, she loved them and she is VERY picky. Very comfortable right off, no wearing in issues. She got so many compliments on them. However, after the first day she noticed the tongue on the right foot where it's folded created a hard lump which became very uncomfortable even slightly painful as she wore them one day two. The tongue on the left foot is folded too but its soft, not this hard lump. We'll be exchanging it and hopefully the replacement won't have this same issue.    ","      very comfortable. exactly as advertised.    ","      Super comfy. The first time I used them was to hike The Narrows trail in Zion Utah. Super rocky and never felt that my ankles were in danger. Now I use them in my regular hiking trails.I'm happy with my purchase    ","      I bought these boots to go hiking in Ireland. They arrived in time for a solid week of rain at home. I've done yardwork and local hikes to break them in, and they've proven to be exactly what I was looking for.They have strong ankle support, but if you expect the cinch them down across the bridge of your foot, you might be disappointed.I don't tightlace, though, so it's not a problem for me. They're snug enough and true to size.    ","      These were very well constructed but were too stiff across toes (where seam for where the laces are is sewn to the top of the boot). Every time I took a step, that seam just dug into the top of my foot where it bends at base of toes. They were also smelly, like a musty/mildewed odor. So, I had to return them. The other colors in this style of Columbia boots are not made of the same material and do not hurt the top of my foot like the black ones.    ","      Very cute hiking boots. Wore these for a week of travel throughout Scotland/Ireland as well as some local hiking trips. Took me about a month of wear to break them in before they were comfortable (at first they were giving me terrible blisters on my left big toe where they would bend when I walked). Completely waterproof although they do not keep your feet very warm so I would recommend wearing warm socks.    ","      I actually tried this shoe three separate times, thinking that the fit was just off or something because I wanted them to work so bad. The fit is actually great and they're very comfy and cushy as long as I'm literally sitting still doing nothing. If there's any motion at all, these make my feet sweat so badly its uncomfortable. I can't stay in them longer than 10 minutes. I even tried sizing down, thinking maybe the extra room was causing too much friction. I have no idea what's up with these, but I'm so sad because they look so good.    ","      Light and comfy.I love it!    ","      Liked    ","      Very pleased with these shoes. I walked though water, dirt, mud and these shoes held on. I was pleased when my shoes didn’t get any water in them too. Very comfortable and durable. I have weak ankles and these boots stabilized my ankles and kept me from twisting them    ","      I want to love these boots because in all other ways they seem to be a great first pair for day hikes, however the crease at the toe that other consumers mentioned is something I noticed immediately upon trying them on, prior to reading any reviews warning about it. This is the only issue I've noticed, and the only one I've read about. It pinches and rubs the top of my big toe when walking, even just around the apartment, until the point my toe was rubbed red. I tried to reach out to Columbia's customer service via their website about this issue, but the site was glitched and wasn't allowing me contact them. I'm still deciding whether I should return them, or suffer through them considering they were only $46 on Amazon. I really want them to work-- I want to like them!    ","      Suelo hacer hiking constantemente y estas botas son las mejores! Comodisimas y cumplen perfectamente su funcion, no les ha pasado nada a casi un año de que las compre.    ","      Loved these boots. They are so lightweight. Went hiking without wearing them much before I went and didn’t have any problems.    ","      Excellent purchase and value for money.  I used them in the Denver snow and on uphill.  They provide very strong grip and also help keep your toes warm with proper socks.    ","      I love Columbia Sport products and wanted a waterproof boot for my long walks in the rain but this boot is NOT Waterproof. I was simply walking outside under a moderate rain fall the other day and within half an hour my socks were wet and cold. These boots are also not at all comfotable. There is not much support or cushioning and my feet ached the whole time. I am extremely disappointed in these boots and how they are described on the Columbia and Amazon website. False claims are not how you retain loyal customers. I usually take a size 7.5 and always go up half a size when buying boots to be able to wear a thicker sock. These size 8's fit perfectly.    ","      Worked out great. Didn't break them in before wearing, and they ended up being used all 3 days and I didn't get any blisters :)    ","      I put these on as soon as they arrived. I wore them all day running errands and for a long walk, my feet stay warm and they are so comfortable! Glad I bought them.    ","      Looks just like the photo.They fit great, and to my surprise they are not heavy at all.Im a senior lady and like taking walks with my dogs and you cant beat it.They are water proof so if i get caught in the rain im covered for that too. I live in Colorado and there is plenty of places to explorer.    ","      These boots are so light weight. Was very comfortable from the very first time of wearing them. There were no breaking them in. I did order a 1/2 size larger so that I can wear thicker socks. The fit was perfect.    ","      Bought these boots for my Utah trip. Did a bunch of hikes with them and they held great! Loved the color they were easy to wash the dirt off. Also love that they are waterproof. Not too heavy. Perfect hiking boots I would definetly recommend.    ","      I wear these boots every time I go hiking. They’ve seriously been my favorite hiking boots so far. My feet stay bone dry when crossing water. As long as water doesn’t cover the very top of your boot, these boots will seriously keep you dry. They’re great with traction up and down hill, on gravel (as good as they can be), stone, etc. Mine have been put through some major work and still have no tears, holes, or defects. I love these boots!    ","      Haven’t worn them yet cause they are for the winter for me. But I love the fit and seem tough. I did apply some more waterproofing spray. I usually do even though the boots are waterproof. I’m a size 7 and that’s what I ordered. Perfect fit    ","      I’ve worn these boots on about 6-7 hikes with hiking socks. They are ok for simple, short hikes; however, I brought them to hike in Alaska and wasn’t impressed. My feet are very sore and blistered. Several friends of mine have Salomon hiking boots, and their feet feel fine. With all the good reviews, I am thoroughly disappointed with them in longer more difficult hikes.    ","      I like the color & the size is perfect    ","      These were comfortable right out of the box. I like the fit and quality. I am a bit concerned about the shoelace loops. They are metal and attached to the outside of the boot. I am not sure how well they will hold up. I wish they were regular eyelets.    ","      I was unsure about buying these shoes. They are light and keep my feet warm. I wear them everyday. I have slim feet and they are always cold.  Just perfect I tell you.    ","      Love these boots! Ordered them because we were hiking up Old Rag. I forgot to break them in until the night before so just wore them for 30 minutes around the house and then up the mountain the next morning. The toe box definitely felt a little wacky when I first put them on but that went away in a few minutes. They are very comfortable and have fantastic traction.    ","      Purchased and only wore a couple of times. Are comfortable and, even having a  narrow foot, it was a decent fit. Used and insole -perfect. Would recommend to someone else.    ","      Just got back from 10day Iceland trip and these shoes worked in all different weathers and terrains.    ","      Absolutely love my new hiking boots! Comfortbale, great support, decent grip, and they match anything I wear! Honestly, I couldn't wish for anything more :)    ","      I love love love these hiking boots!!! Super comfortable, easy to break in (with the proper socks), durable in snow or gravel/rocks. I will more than likely buy another pair different color 🙃    ","      muy lindo zapatos, livianos, llegaron tal como se ven en la foto, la talla es la que indica.    ","      Decent boots. I hike a lot for work, and these are excellent in the mud and on a well-kept trail. However, they're a bit heavy/clunky, which makes breaking them in more painful in my opinion (got some rough blisters on the first 3+ mile hike I did in them) and makes rougher terrain a little tough. They're impressively waterproof (though note I also sprayed them with a waterproofer).    ","      We do a lot of hiking. these boots have been great for that.    ","      She likes it a lot.    ","      I purchased these for hiking the Colorado trails and soon into my hike, I noticed pains exactly where other reviewers have mentioned. The crease on top of the toe is very much a constant nuisance.I bought a huge box of bandaids just to continue on the trails for the next 3 days. Silly, I know but I was determined to finish my hiking trip. They were the only pair of hiking boots I had. Aside from the crease at the top, the boot is comfortable and waterproof. Perfect for trails if only they were more flexible.If you can spend a little more for Merrell’s, I suggest you do. I’m unfortunately stuck with these....for now.    ","      These boots were great for hiking around Iceland.  Waterproof and comfortable for driving and multiple hikes!!    ","      These are possibly the only pair of shoes I have worn that NEVER gave me any blisters. They are super comfortable and have just the right amount of support while hiking. I ordered a size 7 of this product and typically wear a size 7. The shoes fit very comfortably, yet I feel that there is just enough space to wear thicker socks for colder weather. Love the cool wave color!    ","      Comfortable and fit well.  No areas pinch or are tight.  I wore these on a 3 hour hike and my feet felt great.    ","      Definitely go up a half size or so. I wear a woman’s 9.5 (difficult to find in stores lol) and after taking the time to break them in, these are wonderful. I contemplated between this and a cheaper pair, but I knew this was a good brand. And it’s worth the extra money.    ","      True to size, feels perfect, love it    ","      Stylish and comfortable for the most part. However, despite reviews of them being comfortable without even breaking them in before use are false. The bend in the shoe when you walk rubbed off the skin on my toes despite wearing thick socks. Definitely break in, hopefully these will be more comfortable after a few wears or I’ll look for better hiking boots.    ","      I absolutely love these boots. They are light, durable and  waterproof. I ordered a few pairs in different colors.  The only issue  was inconsistent sizing. But with a free delivery it wasnt much of the problem. I just exchanged a pair or two  before I got the right fit.    ","      I perfect fit! I bought them right before leaving to hike in Canada so I was hoping they would be comfy. They were great! Wore them for 5 days straight and didn’t get a blister or have foot pain! They have great grip, are very water-resistant and cute! I got lots of compliments! Just throw on a pair of you fave hiking socks and hit the trails in these shoes!    ","      All around great hiking boots for light to medium hiking... Wife loves these after I talked her into trying as I have the men's version and really liked...    ","      I had seen these at a local store and tried them on in a size 5.5, my size.  I didn't buy them because they were a little over my budget.  I found them on Amazon for almost 1/2 the price so I bought them.  I tried them with different sock thicknesses and they are perfect for me.  I have been wearing them around the house all day for a few days now, just to soften them up and break them in a bit. I will be able to wear these all day with no problem.    ","      Cheap looking. Not worth the price. Better to spend $40 more and get a Merrel or Keen if you can..... These look and feel like a $50 boot at most.    ","      No del todo... Lástima después de cierta distancia.    ","      El zapato muy bueno y cómodo!!Lo que no me agradó, antes de recibir el articulo lo cancelé porque en mi país era más barato. Me aceptaron la cancelación y después llegó y cobraron igual!! Amazon está poco formal ahora!!!    ","      These hiking boots are excellent! I really like the how the laces don't have to be threaded through holes and instead are held by brackets going up the ankle, it makes it far easier to take the boots on and off compared to the traditional kind. Also, they are lightweight, and when I walked through the rain in them for a 7 mile hike my feet stayed dry as can be.    ","      I love these but I ordered a US size 6 and gota US size 8. Since I use a wheelchair and don't actually walk on them, I didn't realize. I thought that they were larger because of the style since they are different than other sneakers I've had.    ","      I have a difficult foot to fit and have a hard time finding boots and shoes. I bought these one size up - they fit well and broke in easily. I did have a little blister after the first use but probably wore them too long on the first outing. I'm very happy with purchase. They are lightweight yet sturdy.    ","      Must confortable hiking boots you’ll find in the market. Bought it a few days before a Colorado hiking trip. Just had 1 day to brake them in... these boots outperformed!!! I’m very pleased with this purchase! 10/10!!!    ","      I actually purchased these to offset my good foot with my bad foot (fractured/wearing a boot). According to the internet, these are the best all around rated hiking boot. They were comfortable from first wear and didn’t need to be broken in.    ","      These are nice boots!  Initial wearing I was a bit concerned, crease area across top of foot was a bit much, lasted all of 15 minutes.  They have done off trail summer hiking, snowshoeing and hiking thru 14” of snow.  No rubbing or chafing.  They hit ankle at just right spot.  Good traction and good looking to boot.  I wear them with a medium weight sock, ordered size I wear.    ","      I ordered these shoes to wear during an upcoming hiking visit to the northwest. When they arrived, I thought, \"Okay, I'd better break them in or I'll have blisters on the trail.\" WRONG! I wore these boots all day and forgot I had them on! Talk about comfortable! Seriously, I never had new shoes fit so well and feel so good. The waterproof uppers even held up well during a pond-filter cleaning. I now look forward to hiking Hurricane Ridge with nary a blister or friction rub. I only hope the rest of me feels as good as my feet will!    ","      Just what I was looking for in a hiking boot. Excellent fit, lightweight and great tread...... nice price.  I did wear two afternoons around the house without any issues.    ","      Totally worth the buy plus good pricing.  True to fit, but also enough room to wear your thick winter socks. Very comfortable, definitely great on terrain & snow.    ","      Pinched in the toe box, folded right down in the middle of my big toe!  For a 9, these felt tight.  I just didn't like the way the material was so stiff...maybe it gets better after breaking them in but that would be painful in these.  Returned them and bought the hikers starting with the letter \"M\"...which are amazing.    ","      I love love love these boots. Second pair I have owned. Hold up to a lot of hiking and are waterproof to! You will not be disappointed    ","      My wife liked the color    ","      These are great and cute. I’ve got narrow flat feet so I love them. They have great grip, I didn’t slip or have any issues hiking in them    ","      These boots were perfect for my sequoia national park trip, it was cold and snowing and my feet were nice and warm. Also I have flat feet and these boots gave me the comfort and foot support I need it for those long hiking walks. The colour is red and not hot pink as I thought it was from the picture. I would recommend them and I would buy them again.    ","      I love it. The shipping was so fast and the product very good    ","      I love these boots!  Keep my feet dry as well as give good traction.  Not too heavy to wear to run errands.    ","      I go to these to wear for work as I'm a fisheries technician in environmental consulting. A lot of working around boats and in a warehouse and these are great! They are a little stiff to begin with but have excellent ankle support. I was concerned they might be too bulky but compared to my steel toe boots that I wear less frequently for work these are weightless and small. However they will not be great for city walking on sidewalks. They feel much more appropriate for messy work or walking on rough terrain.    ","      Got these boots for a camping/backpacking trip. We had to cross a few streams throughout the trip and I was pleasantly surprised by how dry my feet stayed. They are comfortable too, and required almost no breaking in. Plus they are cute for hiking boots.    ","      Liked everything about them...    ","      Im originally a size 7 in sneakers. I sized down to a 6 and they fit perfect.  So i definitely suggest you to size down.    ","      I love the quality, the fit and functionality of these boots    ","      Boots came today. First impression: very light weight, thin feeling material, uninsulated (probably will be good for summer weather), sleek look (not bulky), don’t feel substantial (but I’m used to a more rugged boot), not much arch support (I wear Spenco Arch Supports in nearly all my shoes), very disappointed to notice the cute contrasting logo is missing from the heel of the boot (I really liked that pop of color, it was advertised in the photographs, not sure why it’s not there), walking in the house boots are comfortable (with my arch supports added), they feel super light weight, I will try thicker socks for warmth before deciding to keep them.    ","      I went a half size up and the fit was good. Great ankle support. However after wearing for several hikes, I consistently got blisters under my toes. Not enough padding in the sole. I switched to a brand with more padding and have had no issues.    ","      I love these boots, I just needed a 7.5 wide to give my self a little more toe room. Because I got a 8 and it was too big.    ","      Got these as a Christmas gift for my Mom. She wears them daily & absolutely loves them. Thanks for such a great product!!! Keep up the good work!    ","      I am an 8.5 and I bought a 9. A little big but so far they have kept my feet warm and dry.    ","      I could not recommend these hiking boots enough! I bought them for Machu Picchu and rainbow mountain with very little time to break them in before the hikes, I had zero issues with blisters or sore feet. I wore them through snow, mud and streams and they kept my feet warm and dry. They are so comfortable and I look nice on! I am a size 7 and bought a 7.5m, they were a bit roomy even with hiking socks on. If I were to buy again I would go with a size 7.    ","      I’ve noticed that some Columbia hiking boots (at least women’s) are rather narrow. I have slightly wide feet and when I tried these on they definitely weren’t a comfortable width. Otherwise, I’d say they’re true to size and they would have been very comfortable. Decided that buying online wasn’t a safe bet and ended up going to a Columbia store and getting a pair of Wayfinders that were regular width and a 1/2 size up from what I normally buy. Overall....Columbia shoe sizes don’t seem to be consistent, so it’s probably better to go to a store and try them on in person before you buy online.    ","      I absolutely loved these boots at first.  I ordered them to wear with my work uniform since I'm required to wear brown leather boots.  During my day at work I am mostly in an office setting but I used them to lead cave tours and short hikes as well.  They gave me no issues until a couple weeks ago.  The sole is already coming off.  Very disappointing since they fit me well, are light weight, and gave me no discomfort when hiking.  Having a hiking boot with a sole coming off after 5 months of normal wear is just not acceptable.    ","      Well I tried both the 8.5 and the 9 and in both cases the crease in the toe box rubbed uncomfortably right off the bat. Otherwise seems to be a good shoe although I would like more support and/or padding in the insole. Unfortunately I’ll be returning these.    ","      I hiked all day (12 miles) in southern Utah in these without getting any blisters until the last mile, which is pretty great for not breaking them in beforehand! I didn't get any toe crease or pinching. I was hiking/running up and down rocks all day and didn't slip once. These were really comfortable and way lighter than the boots I was using before. I haven't tried them on a muddy/wet trail yet or in the cold but I'm hoping they'll hold up. Overall great stuff.    ","      Comfortable and well made    ","      I love these boots, have 2 pair. They are true to size and fit comfortable. You do not have to go through the break your new boots in process. Perfect footwear for the active woman. Durable as well, I wear them on the construction jobsite at work, in all type of conditions. I like the different color options that are available now too. Priced right. I recommend this boot for any outdoor activity.    ","      I tried tons of boots and this pair was the perfect fit and very comfortable. I wore them on a long 2.5 day hike on the Appalachian trail in the cold going through water and mud. They cleaned very easily and still look like new! Half the price of my Keens and 100x better, more comfortable and more stylish!    ","      I normally wear a size 6.5 and bought a 7.5 because of other reviews. A 7.5 is perfect with thick socks. Thinner socks would not work as well, but I'm planning on putting an insole if I wear thin socks. So it should fit fine.The shoes themselves look good and feel great. A lot more lightweight than you would imagine.    ","      Love my boots will be ordering more for me and some for the kids. Used them on a 5 hour strenuous hike in the Great Smokey Mountains. My feet did not hurt from all the hiking. I also used them to ride horses. The boots have decent grip only slipped a few times after it had rained but not before and we were hiking near cascades the entire hike up.    ","      Round two of this style (RIP 1st pair). In New England, it is a necessity to have boots you can count on. Truth be told, they do need to be broken in. Once you have had your adjustment period, it's go time! Easy to put on, take off and get the job done. Worth the investment.    ","      I liked how comfortable it was . My boyfriend is a carpenter and I need proper shoes to be in his shop. It was a hit . I spent the entire day with it and normally my toes would hurt but it didn’t    ","      I started wearing these boots as soon as they arrived in the mail because I thought I would have to break them in before an upcoming hiking trip. I was wrong. They were comfortable from the moment I put them on. I've worn them on packed snow and they offer great traction. They are most comfortable with socks that are crew cut (come up to about mid-shin), but they worked decently with ankle socks too (I just wouldn't hike in them wearing ankle socks). I've worn them for 10 hours straight with no change in comfort level and I just got them a couple days ago. These are the best boots I've ever owned.    ","      Corren un poquito grande so elige exactamente tu size    ","      Love the look of these hiking boots!! Columbia's do run a little big in my opinion. I normally wear a 7 in almost all women's brand shoes but this is my 2d pair of Columbia's and I've had to go down half a size or 1 full size. Overall these are great hikers    ","      Love these boots!! They have great traction for all kinds of terrain and I was surprised with how light weight they are for hiking boots. Love the ankle height as well - feel like there is good support there. Didn’t need to break them in at all. Waterproof keeps you dry.    ","      I love these hiking boots! Nice aesthetics, made well and comfortable. After wearing them all winter I can say that they are truly waterproof. After some significant mud exposure they cleaned up to look like new. There is a small amount of creasing that happens at the ball of the foot, but I found that after breaking them in, I no longer feel it at all. Now I need to get a pair for my daughter so we can hike together!    ","      Great hiking boots. Durable and never felt water come in.    ","      They were supposed to just be for our family nature walks but I ended up loving them so much I just wear them whenever I feel like it! And they really are waterproof. Was able to learn that the first day wearing them.    ","      Las ocupé en un viaje a la Huasteca Potosina y me sorprendió lo cómodas que son, además de tener una suela antiderrapante y ser impermeables.Quizá vengan un poco amplias, ya que compré las de talla 22.0 siendo que yo calzo del 22.5 y me quedaron bien. Aunque cabe resaltar que tengo el pie delgado.    ","      Waterproof and sturdy which is what I've liked most for my hikes. They're a little stiff though (they started to break in better after I hiked at least 10 miles in them), so I've had to double up on socks to make sure I don't get any blisters on my toes.    ","      These boots are incredible! I'm taking a hiking course that involves bushwacking and hiking up creeks and these boots keep my feet warm and dry, even when I've been walking in water several inches deep. The lacing at the top of the boot really ensures that my ankles are supported, which is important for me as I have a history of injuries with them and bought boots that came higher to prevent new sprains. They're well made, and I'm sure they'll last me ages.    ","      I wanted a sturdy but light weight, waterproof, year round usage hiking boot that was attractive. This boot covers my requirements and accommodates bunions on both feet. I hve hammertoes on my right foot and, once broken in, the boot’s leather siftened enkigh to sccomofate them better than as well as can be expected.    ","      Love the boots as a dog groomer I get wet all day & they help keep my feet dry: great boot    ","      So far I have only worn these boots once, however I have to say they were a great buy! They fit well and will be comfortable once they have been broken in. Also, I did encounter a fair amount of mud and water on my short hike and they do seem to be waterproof as advertised.    ","      I highly recommend these boots! They’re great for hiking, and walking in nature. Your feet stay dry and feel very supported.    ","      This shoe is an excellent, affordable buy!  I ordered my regular size and it fit comfortably with hiking socks.  They are completely waterproof and no blisters after the first hike.  I highly recommend this shoe!    ","      I have owned these boots for a while- have used them to hike in different types of weathers and conditions. They are very comfortable, waterproof, and very easy to clean.I would suggest breaking them in before going on a long hike as they can be a little uncomfortable initially on the toe where the boot bends at the crease; however, they are extremely comfortable once worn in. I would buy them again.    ","      I bought these hikers because they were considerably less expensive than Keens or Merrills that I usually purchase. Are these a good looking shoe? Yes. However, they do not fit as supportive as a more expensive hiker and I feel no arch support. They flex right across the top of my toes and there’s no padding so it’s a bit uncomfortable. I’ve been on a few small hikes in them so far and without the arch support and padding my feel fatigued very quickly. I guess $80 buys a mediocre shoe these days.    ","      The shoes are wonderful. I added my custom inserts and it made them feel even better. I am a size 8, I ordered a 9 to give me room for orthotics and thick socks. I love these shoes and I dont feel the need to \"break\" them in. They provide great ankle support.    ","      Guter bequemer wanderschuh.Preis Leistung super    ","      I was skeptical because of the price but they were so comfortable! Hiked almost a mile in the snow and my feet were completely warm and dry    ","      I love these boots! I went to Zion national park and went through puddles of water and they are definitely waterproof only up to the top of the shoe obviously. Very Comfortable, fit is true to size! I also have pretty bad bunions on both my feet and these shoes didn't seem to bother them! It was also pretty chilly when I went and they kept my feet warm!    ","      I love these boots but quite disappointed because they run too small. I purchased these over the summer knowing I would need something for the cold weather. I didn't realize they run so small, I even bought a larger size and now that it's cold, I have discovered that I can't even wear them. Since I bought them over the summer and I wore them once, I can no longer return them and don't know what to do with them. I would recommend a size or two larger.    ","      I haven't actually worn them yet but I just wanted to report that they fit as expected. I normally wear an 8.5 and thats what I ordered and they seem perfect.    ","      Good choice. My wife very happy on her new boots    ","      I bought these boots to hike Mount Washington, NH and they were amazing! They have really good traction on ice and mud. They're waterproof and very comfortable. I went for a 9 hour hike the first time I wore them and didn't get any blisters. I highly recommend these boots!    ","      Very comfortable    ","      good deal through amazon, very happy    ","      i have not tried it for hiking yet. it fits perfect, the size 7.  very comfortable. love the lace too.    ","      Buen calzado, cómodos, bonitos y muy duradero.    ","      Perfect fit. Very foot study. I want to order a second pair for when I wear these out. Love them!    ","      Light weight    ","      Absolutely loved these, ordered them for a hiking trip in Tahoeand didn’t bring any other hiking shoes but I didn’t need anything else! These were wonderful, comfortable, good support and got me through miles of hiking with zero issues and no blisters or any discomfort. I have reviewed many shoes and bought plenty of hiking gear, these were one of my best purchases!    ","      Quedan estrechas aún cogiendo un número más    ","      Not my favorite item from Columbia. The laces are a bit short making the fit awkward. We'll see if they are waterproof. I expected more mesh and a lighter boot. On the first hike I got abrasions on the top of my toes. Still healing a week later! The Columbia tread is the reason for the purchase and brand loyalty. I hike at least 30 miles a week and Columbia boots typically last 9 months to a year. Awesome!    ","      Received today and immediately put on to wear and assess before hiking. Feel great...thinking they'd make a wonderful everyday winter shoe!    ","      Comfortable on the first day. Great fit hiking the narrows and for motorcycle riding    ","      I bought it for my wife. In this price, they are really really good. We were not sure of the size and fitting when purchasing online, but we were surprised when the boots arrived and they were of perfect size and fitting. Its really good for hikes and even for straight walking/trekking.    ","      Used them for a few hikes. They arent super grippy so watch out when its wet outside, but overall , good sturdy boot!    ","      These boots are super comfy and super durable and super cute! I hiked a glacier, through a forest and rocky terrain with stability and no slipping. I even wore them just walking around town because they’re so freaking comfortable. So glad I bought these! I wear a size 10 by the way and the fit was fine.    ","      These shoes are okay, I don't like how they seem to look cheap for some reason. They're much more stiff than other leather hiking boots I've used straight out of the box. Also the issue that other reviewers stated about the top toe area hurting their foot, I definitely see it and could feel it but a pair of super thick hiking socks help to ease this discomfort!  But honestly, considering the price is cheaper than the expensive brands of hiking boots, you can't really complain. These were not for me and I will be returning them and buying one that is higher quality .    ","      Very lightweight, sturdy, and room for toes. I have wide feet and was skeptical about the fit being to snug but toes has room without feeling loose. Tried them out for a light hike and was very comfortable    ","      I really like my boots! they are great for hiking & snow too since they are waterproof (note: my area only gets a few inches of snow). I have very very wide feet so they are obviously a little narrow and I start to get uncomfortable after a few hours, but if you have average or a little bit wide feet I would think you probably wouldn't have an issue with that. They did take a little breaking in, but they felt fine after the first hike. I think they look a lot better than most hiking boots too. Most are really ugly, but I like these.    ","      I thought I had to size up but this boot is true to size. The boots are in great condition and work well for my hikes on slippery slopes.    ","      I recommend ordering a size larger. They felt a little snug but increasing felt tighter as the day went on and gave me blisters. I returned them!    ","      After broken in these shoes are pretty good, I actually use them for work, all day moving and they feel secure and comfortable.I have plantar fasciitis so I do change the insoles on all my shoes, I recommend the Spenco gel.    ","      Run a little big but overall great hiking boots. I had to wear them in a bit. Also, wear higher socks because hiking a lot in them rubbed my ankle raw, but that’s to be expected with new boots. Overall, they seem high quality and very sturdy. Happy with my purchase.    ","      These boots are COMFY. They supported my ankles and held up to quite the beating on a snowy mountain top and 13,000 feet of elevation. They were warm enough with wool socks that my feet were never really cold and they were light weight and comfortable. I wore them for a 6 hour climb with very little breaking in and didn't get any blisters.    ","      I'd call this a \"stock\" boot. Nothing special, no extra cushioning or support. I have high arches and will definitely need to get an insert. As others have written, toe box is a bit oversized. I usually wear a 10.5. Ordered that size first and they felt too snug to wear with wool socks. Sized up to an 11 and they're a bit too loose, I got hot spots on my big toes from rubbing as others have written. Overall they do the job, you get what you pay for!    ","      It fit as expect, i wear the sports shoes  5.5 and it is 5.5 fit exactly.because i have not wear it yet only try on for a few minutes then i can't say muchbut it looks and feel strong. nice look though    ","      Oh how I wanted to love these boots. They are beautiful to look at, lightweight, I love the shoelaces, and they offered a great ankle support. my enthusiasm changed after a two minute walk in my living room, the toe area on both feet started to be extremely painful and after a while I simply had to take them off because of the intense pain. I don’t think size or sock type was the issue, I have ordered six pairs of hiking boots to try on, and none are so painful. Very sadly I will be returning these.    ","      These shoes hold up to a lot of ware.  They are very comfortable and keep water out.  The first area it seems to ware down at is the rubber at the top of the toe.  Once this comes apart the boot is no longer waterproof but this takes a lot of ware and tear before this will happen.  If you are using these to hike occasionally they will last you a long time (a few years).    ","      I had to return mine because the size was not only smaller than it advertised (both here on Amazon and their official website), but extremely narrow. The lack of a proper sizing chart really screws the whole thing up, because the boots themselves looked incredible. They've been out of stock since, and resellers have them up at around $150. So due to their lack of proper guides, they've lost a customer.Lastly, to note, I typically wear a size 7 (I'm smaller, but I like my boots a bit roomer to accommodate socks) and the Colombia size 7 felt like a very narrow 5. Be warned, and be careful, when selecting your size.    ","      I hated these boots for a while and even considered sending them back. They felt too tight, the arch felt weird. After a week of walking around in them they felt much better. It’s been a few months now and I love them, even in the snow. I stood outside in the wet snow with my kids for nearly an hour and my feet stayed warm and dry.    ","      Did 7000ft elevation hike with these shoes.Amazing !Wasn't very sure of the true size, would recommend to get actual size and a size bigger using prime wardrobe and then check for yourself, wearing thick socks.    ","      La grandeur 9.5 est disponible mais le prix a augmenté beaucoup.Je veux que quelqu'un me téléphone    ","      Thought I was getting a comfortable warm hiking shoe.  Not so.  First day I wore them feet were hurting by the end of the day.  I do suffer from heel pain.  So, second day I added in my insoles.  Fit was snugger on my foot but at least my feet didn't hurt at the end of the day.  No, I don't sit all day.  I average 11,000 to 17,000 steps a day.  They aren't insulated so would need thicker socks to help keep feet warm.  I normally wear compression socks.  Size I would say runs true.    ","      I haven't worn Columbia boots in quite awhile but loved the look of these.  I love them!  Perfect fit and comfortable enough to wear all day the first day!    ","      I have had these just over a year and have finally worn them out. I hike with my dog all year and these have been great. Just wish they would have lasted a little longer. Did not have any problems with the waterproofing until the seam split between the upper and the sole. Walked through mud and water and almost every other terrain and they were fine. Lightweight enough for warmer weather and tough enough for winter. But again, only one season each.    ","      Size as mentioned. Perfect.Looks gorgeous.Fits perfectly. Comfortable.Built to perfection at Vietnam.    ","      these are really nice and comfortable. just have to break them in a little. color and look of them is really nice    ","      Love them! I hiked about 5 miles yesterday and fell in love. I have very narrow feet, size 7.5, and was able to wear wool socks. I walked through lots of mud with ease, also had great traction when u was going up and down hill on the trail. They are super easy to put on and lace. Found these to be a fantastic first pair ❤ no blisters but I assume all boots have to be broken in, so even if I had got any I understand that pre broken in boots is comical.    ","      I like these very comfy.  Perhaps I have small heals, they are a bit loose. But I will try tightening the laces to see if that helps.  Recommend    ","      These are really nice. Super light weight. Comfortable, but you may need insoles or arch supports.    ","      I really wanted to like these boots. The style is great, the smooth leather easy to take care of, and generally comfortable except where the leather bends at the toe and hits my toes.  Maybe this would break in, but I decided that for the price of the boots, it was not worth risking that I would feel that at every step. They seem to run a little large - maybe a half size down would solve the problem... but now the price on Amazon has gone up $15 from when I first bought them. *sigh*    ","      The fit is good, the sole is hard and therefore I am not sure as we go into the winter season how much use I will get from these and I doubt if there is room for an insole to help with that.    ","      Used for the first time hiked 8 miles in them. I'm very happy with these boots! Walked through mud and streams and my feet stayed dry and comfortable. Impressed with the grip and overall comfort. I have a narrow foot which was fixed by tightening. No break in time needed. I also liked how easy they are to take on and off.    ","      Esta algo pequeño para la talla que Pedí, aunque esta súper bueno el zapato gran calidad.    ","      The boots are a little bit large. But they’re comfortable because of the way they’re laced. Also, I will like the extra room for thick socks in cold wear.    ","      True to size, plenty of toe box room.Bought them for hiking, and first time out proved very comfortable.  I think an inset would have made them even better!    ","      Love that it comes in a wide foot option to order. Fits great and made well.  Ordered two pairs; one for my daughter and myself.    ","      I bought these boots for their waterproof feature unfortunately the rubber on the toe is already separating.  I wear these boots every day at work but I expected them to last more than a couple weeks being Columbia.    ","      I love this product. I put them on perfect fit. Not a heavy boot. Wore them all day at work. No fatigue.    ","      I hiked the smokies with these boots, 13 mile round trip along with a couple day hikes. These held up great! They keep the water out and are very comfortable.    ","      I wore these hiking today for the first time.  I thought I would have to break them in but they were so comfortable!  Great arch and ankle support!  Also a perfect fit!  I love them!    ","      It supports my weak ankle    ","      This is the 3rd pair of hiking boots that I bought this season - after returning the first 2 pair.  I tried to save a few dollars and it's just not worth it.  Go with the brand that does it well - Columbia. Sturdy yet lightweight and good in the snow as well.    ","      De buena calidad    ","      Fit as expected. I ordered up 1/2 size because like to wear very heavy boot socks. These are not too narrow nor too wide. Lightweight not bulky looking. Haven’t been able to check out if tread is good since snow has been washed away by rain.    ","      They were a great buy. I was even comfortable on a 10 hour hike up a steep and muddy, rocky volcano. Make sure to always bring the laces all the way up to the topmost hook and tie there.. On another, flat trail I tripped because my tied lace loop got caught in one of the hooks - totally my fault though, cannot blame the design. Just be aware, don't be lazy lol.    ","      Took a few wears to break in and I always wear them with two pairs of socks. These are my mountain boots and I wear them every time I go to my cabin (which is almost every weekend).  They have been great for hiking as well as work boots.  They are still fairly new and the longest hike I have worn them on was 3 miles, I do think they would remain comfortable on longer hikes as well. The only time they are uncomfortable is when I drive with them on, they cut into the back of my ankles.    ","      I got these just in time for my hiking trip, so I didn't have time to break them in beforehand. In their first wears, my big toe began to hurt because it bends right onto my toe, but I'm sure as I break this in this will go away. Thankfully I have my own inserts, because the ones provided are not padded at all. Overall, I really like these boots and in the very little I tested them the waterproof seems to work.    ","      For the price, didn’t seem like a bad boot.  Like a cheaper version of the timberland white ledge mid waterproof hiking boot. Not really much support in the sole, but could put an insert in.  The thing that caused me not to keep these was the toe.  The toe box was wide and tall enough that I didn’t have uncomfortable contact, but the depth and location of the pinch when you walk in them (where the crease would form in the leather) pinched down deep right onto your toe.  Only took a few steps around my apartment to imagine how painful that would be after even half a mile.  Maybe it would get better with wear, but I wasn’t willing to try it out.  I went with the Timberlands instead.    ","      I bought a 1/2 size bigger than needed for when I need to wear extra socks. Comfortable    ","      Fits great! Looks good! Stylish and comfortable.    ","      Toe area was comfortable, which is a good feature.    ","      I wore these boots on my motorcycle and got caught in rain. The shoe itself is waterproof however the middle tongue of the shoe is not. The shoe top was soaked and so were my socks. Unfortunately I purchased the boot for the waterproof quality. The boots fits and feels great and the look good too. They are just not waterproof as the description alludes too!!    ","      These boots passed expectations.  I ordered true to size and they fit perfect.  They are very comfortable and light to wear.    ","      I love the boots so far, I just got them today. However, the boots came with two different sized shoe laces! a 5 inch difference! This causes the one boot to be too tight! I'm trying to figure out how to get those replaced....*UPDATE* Amazon promptly overnighted a new pair of boots. I try them on, remove the laces just to make sure they're good, and lo and behold, the same problem! Quality control at Columbia must be off a bit....I just switched out one of the shorter laces with the longer one on the new pair to fix my problem...but beware of this!    ","      Bought these for a trip to Iceland, but I've been breaking them in on hiking trips around home first. Fit great, don't rub at all and walked through a swamp without getting wet inside. Very happy with these boots.    ","      I love to hike but I have weak ankles. I have sprained them many times over the years wearing the wrong shoes. These boots give the support I need and are quite comfortable    ","      My daughter loves it. We had tried expensive REI shoes and those gave her blisters. This shoe fits right and is very comfortable (so far). we plan on a hike soon and hope it holds good.    ","      I bought these because I was traveling to Georgia (the country not the state). I had pretty low expectations because of the price but they ended up working out perfectly. I hiked through the snow in these and my feet felt supported and never got wet. I usually wear an 8.5 or 9 and I decided to get the 9. I wore a thick pair of socks and still had room. I highly recommend these.    ","      I would recommend these boots to anyone. They are great in all aspects except I wish the manufacturers would offer a higher arch support.    ","      Great purchase, super comfy and perfect for my hiking trip I felt very secure with these boots!    ","      They look amazing and felt great but REALLY tight on my toes. Ill try to break them in but I might have to replace them with bigger size!    ","      I was worried reading the other reviews about the \"toe crease\" that other had experienced.  My toes are sensitive to rubbing from shoes, but I thought, for the price, I was willing to try them out.  I have not regretted the decision!  They are very comfortable!  I got them a half size up so that I could wear thick socks.  They are waterproof, sturdy, and the crease doesn't touch my toes, so I wouldn't even notice it if I hadn;t read about it in the reviews.  I say, if you are on the fence, give them a try!  I knew / know nothing about \"good\" brands or anything, but I am impressed with the quality for the price!    ","      Wore them for a 18 mile hike held up through rain, puddles, and dirt. Amazing purchase    ","      I got these boots for a week long camping trip through the Pacific Northwest. It was wet and rainy the entire time and my feet stayed warm and dry the whole time. Not to mention they have awesome support, even being fairly new and not broken in yet, my feet didn’t hurt. These boots are great!    ","      Bought these boots for Alaska and they were wonderful.  It took about a 7 mile walk to get them broken in well enough to use seriously.  These were extremely comfortable afterward.  They are waterproof and I was able to hike and walk in shallow puddles without getting wet.    ","      The only downside to this boot is that it does pinch your toes. I read the reviews that mentioned that, but decided to try anyway. I wore them a few times to break them in and the pinch wasnt too bad. However the first 10 mile hike in them, the toe pinch increased to the point of blisters. My hike turned miserable and painful.  I am going to try thicker socks next time to see if that helps. They are slightly on the heavy side, but decent grip and durable.    ","                                                                                                                                                        De media kon niet worden geladen.                                                                               Best boots ever. Super comfortable. Kept my feet dry on multiple muddy trucks.    ","      I love love love love love these shoes. I didn't have to break them in at all.  They worked exactly as I needed them to and fit perfectly to size. Extremely comfortable and sturdy. I took them through rain, snow, ice and mud and they came out perfectly. I would buy these shoes again in a heart beat. Such a great product for the price.    ","      Son ligeras, cómodas, resistentes, pero siento que me quedan un poquitito grandes, no afecta si los ajusto muy bien    ","      These Boots Are so comfortable I wear a size 11 in womens and Wow what a fit!!!I love them !!!! Most boots you put your feet in you can't wear them all day but these are by far the best pair I had in a while!!! Bye bye Timberlands!!    ","      I’m very picky about my shoes! But these are very comfortable and thus far durable for hiking.    ","      Love these boots! I sized up so they were a little big. But definitely still comfortable    ","      Perfect fit, great grip for walking around icy roads, warm and kept my feet dry. The only issue I have is that on my left boot the fold from the tongue digs into my foot making it uncomfortable and mildly painful.  The right boot fits perfectly and feels great. I'm hoping through wear the left boot eventually softens up.    ","      Very comfortable and good looking.    ","      belle emais pas très confortable    ","      These boots were comfortable, little cold during a day in the snow, but over all they were great boots    ","      I've just returned from spending a week in the woods with these babies and I'm in love. I took them caving, hiking, landscaping, trail maintenance-ing with the US Forestry Service, camping, etc etc, and I was walking on well-gripping clouds the whole time. I did buy a half size up in order to accommodate my shoe inserts and wool socks, but I left my trip with not a blister or raw spot in sight. They didn't even really need broken in; they were comfortable from the start.    ","      The best hiking shoes I have ever worn. I broke them in on Stevens Trail (expert level hike in California) and my feet felt like they were on clouds. Great tread for climbing on wet rocks and rugged terrain.    ","      Use for hiking.    ","      I actually bought these for my future wife. We are about to go to Glacier National Park on our honeymoon in a few weeks, and we both agreed that these shoes will be perfect for her. I have the men's version of these boots, and I love them. They feel secure on your feet, and they have a nice, thick sole so your feet don't get too sore from walking on uneven terrain. She also loves them because they're \"cute\", so I thought I'd mention that also.    ","      Look good so far! Love the style and have been comfortable for short trips so far (itching to get them on the long trails). Love so far. Came fast too. Waterproof is perfect for my kayak camping trips to come.    ","      Follow all of the reviews, I am an 8 generally and I got a 9 to be safe and they fit perfectly with just enough room for thick socks!! Super comfortable and no need for breaking in! First day in hardcore use we trekked up to the Torres Del Paine base 5 hours of pure uphill and 3 hours coming down and a week filled will similar activities. My feet were the only things that were not sore by the end of that adventure! Truly amazed by these boots I love love love them!!    ","      These boots are awesome! I wore them for the first time on a hiking trip! I got a 7.5 which is my usual size and they fit perfectly! I had no blisters and was very pleased and impressed with the quality of this product! I would recommend these boots to everyone looking for a pair of summer hiking boots!    ","      These are the best hiking boots I’ve ever owned! Super comfortable and durable. I love the coloring too.    ","      Bought these for a trip up the north shore here in Minnesota and they were PERFECT. Super comfortable and warm. Waterproof through the puddles of mud we went through trying to get to the lookouts. Probably annoyed our friends by talking so much about them and about how I never would have survived the trip without them!    ","      Columbia always makes a solid hiking boot. It doesn't squeeze the feet but also isn't too roomy. Make sure you are wearing good hiking socks with them. Helps with additional comfort.    ","      I took these boots to Isle Royale and they performed great! I had only broken them in by mowing the lawn in them, and one ten mile hike prior to the big trip. I wore them for 8-11 miles every day on rough terrain for five days and had zero hot spots or blisters.The only issue is that they are slippery on wet rocks.    ","      I ordered these for my 14 year old daughter who will be using them on a camping trip this weekend with her JROTC class. Daughter wears women's 8.5 in Nike and Vans(with laces) or 8 in slip on Vans, I ordered these in a 8.5 and they fit perfectly.    ","      I wore them around, running errands to break them in. From the start, they were already the most comfortable boot I have worn. The price is great for the quality.    ","      Great hiking boots ordered them and already hiked for a week. Couldn't have done it without these boots. Comfortable fits great around the ankle too    ","      Did a one-hour hike up Mount Philo... Shoes were perfect!    ","      Really nice quality they fit great very comfortable exactly what I wanted    ","      Worse these all over the pacific north west in October. Not only are they waterproof, but I found these to be MORE comfortable than my sneakers and doc Martins. They’ve been to the mountains, beach, and national parks. Seriously, I cannot wait for spring to go hiking in them!    ","      Me gustaron, buen soporte, muy cómodas y de muy alta calidad. Las seguiré usando en todas mis expediciones para hacer senderismo!    ","      These are great hiking shoes, especially for the price. They take quite a bit of breaking in but so far they have been awesome for shorter hikes. I haven't yet tested the waterproofing abilities but I will update if there are issues.    ","      Fit me a little big but they were really good quality!    ","      Feet did not hurt or blister even though lots of hiking rough country and no break in prior to first use    ","      I bought both these and a pair of keens to test out indoors. I like the look of these best but when walking around my house I started the feel pressure on top of the big toe (exactly as many reviews stated). I figure if I was already feeling that crease in just a few minutes that I didn’t want to deal with that 20 miles in on a trip. I wanted to like these but I couldn't! Listen to the reviews and wait till Colombia fixes this issue on a 2.0 pair! Returned these and kept the keens.    ","      Hiked 2 miles the day I got them.  No rubbing or sore spots.  Stayed dry and had no slips or falls.    ","      Cant believe I got these for such a low price. I've been wanting to invest in hiking boots for quite some time but the ones I had been looking at were all over $150. Couldn't be happier with my purchase & they were comfortable from the moment I put them on through out the whole hike. They have good support and i could feel the difference from when i usually use my regular sneakers. They provide excellent traction & I'm definitely happy with my purchase.    ","      Had them for about 2 weeks now and taken them on many different trails! Good,  sturdy and comfortable! Very true to size. I normal wear 8.5-9 depending and I bout an 8.5 and they have enough room for thick socks and are comfortable with thin socks too.I did my research on a lot of boots and this by far stole the show. I highly recommend them!    ","      Aunque los zapatos son cómodos y bonitos, los cordones no son de la mejor calidad y ya empiezan a romperse con dos meses de uso.    ","      Love it it! Bought it for a road trip to Grand Canyon. So comfy and looks super cute. Was really please with my purchase!    ","      I used for drive motorcycle. I had an accident and they save my foot.Little scars in body, but foot, anyyyyy. Very cover. They are light, not warm, breatheable and confortable.With water, no protect so much. They support with light rain, but heavy rain doesnt.----Casi Perfectas. Las amo, el pequeño problema es que no soportan las fuertes lluvias de mi país, se que no son botas para lluvia, pero deberían proteger un poco más.    ","      Totalmente perfecta para trabajos de largos turnos    ","      Love how tough the putter shoe fabric is. Don't have worry about ripping fabric or whatever.When it rains your feet are warm and dry. Also, they're cute as hell.I'm a size 7 and had plenty of room for thicker socks if needed. So you have extra toe space in regular socks.    ","      Bought these boots for a hiking trip and my feet were comfortable and dry despite muddy and rainy trails. I’d strongly recommend wearing with above-the-ankle socks. Great shoes!    ","      I have these in tan too. Most comfortable boots in this genre I have ever owned.    ","      Not waterproof. Nice boots, however I am sitting at my desk with socks off and personal heater at my feet. I work outside, nothing crazy or abnormal, and my feet are damp. We had freezing rain today, I live in Ohio.    ","      Arrived one day before expected.  Haven't taken these on a good hike yet but they appear to be a nice lightweight hiking shoe    ","      Overall I love these boots.    ","      Hiked all over Iceland on rocky terrain, muddy terrain, slippery terrain, glaciers and the boots held up well. Comfortable, light, and offered great traction despite slippery, rocky and steep surfaces during rainy and windy conditions. Crossed several rocky streams with these boots and they are indeed waterproof. Feet never got wet. Highly recommended!    ","      These boots were very comfortable and supportive. They were very cute on and not too bulky. I did not end up keeping them because they were a bit too lightweight for what I was wanting. I think they would be a great light hiker in a temperate climate, but not sure they'd be that warm in snow or very cold weather.    ","      Out the box, 7 miles uphill in Yosemite NP. Nothing hurt. I sized 1/2 size up to account for my foot swelling in long distance hikes. I probably should have stayed with my normal size though. No complaints. Best hiking boots I’ve tried and great price! So happy!    ","      Great fit. Very lightweight and comfortable to hike the trail in these.    ","      The Best Boot from Columbia.  Completely Waterproof and fit true to size.  This is the 4th pair of Columbia's that I've gotten.  Great for Walking, Hiking, Any type of weather and I even wear mine when I ride my Motorcycle too.    ","      I absolutely love my new shoes.  Warm and dry, great traction so I'm not sliding all over and my feet have been warm and dry in this wet cold weather.  The part I love even more is they look like regular tennis shoes not big and bulky like most hiking boots but have all the same expectations. Very satisfied.    ","      Pour moi. Je les aime bien.    ","      Nothing, its a perfect fit.    ","      Bought these just before a camping trip and was glad I did -- i tested these in muddy, messy hiking conditions and they protected my feet and ankles from slips and slides.    ","      Okay, maybe it's just the way they fit my feet fit in the shoe or something - they've got amazing grip, they seem to be long-lasting, they're cute, but they DESTROYED my left heel coming back from an 8mi hike. Wear thick socks with these, order normal size.    ","      Wow finally a pair that fits. I have gone through 5 pairs until I found these. I haven't hiked in them yet but I'm hopeful that they will be perfect for me.    ","      Love these boots! They are not completely waterproof, but do a really good job of keeping water out. I have walked many many kilometers in these and they are always comfortable. They can keep your feet really warm in a cold area with a good pair of socks. I have also hiked in hot areas with thin socks and my feet were never too warm. I also really like how they look, which is an added bonus.    ","      I was searching for a cute and comfortable pair of boots to hike in, and I found these!  Not only are they cute, but they are very comfortable.  They have ankle support and they also have good grip/traction for hiking.  I highly recommend!    ","      Love these they are exactly what I was looking for. Very comfortable and warm and the fit is perfect    ","      Nice looking, well made, and comfortable hiking boots. Recommended by my lovely wife.    ","      Product fit perfectly. The boots were advertised “like new”, but I bet they were never worn. Loved a discounted price because of this.    ","      Extremely comfortable.  Broke it very quickly.    ","      My wife loved this product!    ","      It’s comfortable and rendered more support to my ankles and knees.  I am planning to replace the insoles to a more comfortable insole.  Otherwise a great hiking shoes.    ","      Shoe looks great but runs a little big. I needed insoles because there wasn't any arch support and my feet were cramping up on long hikes.    ","      Great fit and very waterproof!    ","      Best $80 I have ever spent. No blisters, comfortable, and wore them for the first time on a 4 mile hike that included a lot of scrambling in trekking in knee deep water.    ","      I love these. They are my first pair of hiking boots. They fit well, didn’t cause any blisters “breaking them in,” and have decent grip when hiking up rocky, muddy, or rough areas.    ","      Very good quality shoe for me after having reconstructive foot and ankle surgery.  Needed the arch and ankle support!  Having never worn a mid-rise hiking boot or shoe...  I am getting used to the high sides and little lower back rubbing on my ankles.  One suggestion was to get thicker socks which is what I will try next.    ","      I was looking for a winter-type boot for walking on our roads when they are slushy and snowy, as I walk quite a lot. My regular snow boots are too bulky, and my walking shoes/sneakers are not warm enough for Upstate NY winters. I ordered these Columbia boots and received them yesterday.  Right out of the box, they were already a comfy fit! I ordered a half-size up to accommodate wearing heavier socks, and they are perfect. This morning it was about 20' out (warm for here) and I walked with warm toes for about 3 miles. I do think that if temps drop significantly, I will need warmer socks, but the boots are great. Good support, waterproof, nice looking. Worth every penny.UPDATE: After 2 winters, salt deteriorated the lace hardware and it is all breaking off. Not happy.    ","      Awesome hiking boots. Very lightweight and comfortable. Only complaint is the right boot started to cut into my ankle a little, requiring a sock/pant adjustment and to loosen the boot. We forded streams and all sorts of rough terrain without any issue in these - great grip and pretty waterproof from what I experienced.    ","      Well made & very comfortable. True to size , I almost went with a wide width but glad now I didn't as its a perfect fit. Extremely comfortable could wear them every day.    ","      Great pair of hiking shoes. My first pair with high rising ankle and was afraid this was going to be uncomfortable but it wasn't at all.I hiked for hours in the rain through puddles and my feet were warm and dry. Comfy and definitely waterproof. I didn't need to break these in as they fit well from straight out of the box. Highly recommend!    ","      Excited to find a hiking boot in a size 12 for women.  Could use more arch support.  I just put an insert in and that seems to work.  Feet didn't get wet in the rain.  Haven't done a long hike yet, but wore them all day at work a couple days to break them in.    ","      The boots are a little big although they are a 7 which is my size.    ","      This shoe is great for hiking. It's really stiff & clunky if you plan to walk on cement/ asphalt    ","      These US Women's size 8.5 fit very small. This is my size in most other shoes. I couldn't even get my foot in these. Product not as advertised.    ","      Light weight ..great for!! Get them!!    ","      Comfortable around the ankles, no painful break-in period after I started wearing them. True to size.    ","      Slightly wider foot size cf. to other Crestwood Columbia boots. Colour is neutral so can match many items of clothing and it can be dressed up or down.Price was attractive too.    ","      I sized up based off reviews and I'm glad I did because if I hadn't I think they would've been a little too snug . These boots are awesome so far though, the test will just be if they hold up.    ","      Not stiff, very comfortable.  Used an arch insert for more support.    ","      \"im walking on sunshine\" comes in mind when i need to describe this. its true to size and my feet feel great in them. happy with the quality and really, just everything about them. thinking of getting it in another color too    ","      My last pair lasted for years. Quality has gone down hill. This pair lasted 2 weeks before they started falling apart.    ","      Had these for a few months now pretty good still look new and holding up well. One of them seems to making a clopping sound can’t ever figure which one no matter how I tie my laces. Maybe I walk wrong.    ","      Great boots to keep me safe and dry when I am adventuring outdoors! Love these    ","      Haven't gone on a long time yet but so far I love them. They looked narrow and normally I need wide shoes but they fit great. Have walked around in them to help break them in and had no issues so far. UPDATE: these made it all the way through my geology field camp and were great. Particularly on wet days and against cactus.    ","      These shoes are great for hiking and outdoor use plus there cuter than most hiking shoes. I love them! They even did well on some snow up in the mountains! Highly recommend!    ","      Son las Botas que esperaba, me encantaron...    ","      Great hiking shoes.  I did Machu Picchu and the hills in Cusco and the islands of lake Titikaka.  Your feet will be proctected with excellent support.  Super easy to clean.  Don’t forget wool socks when going hiking.  Make sure you tight them correctly, it’s an art but necessary to get the right support for your ankles.    ","      I love the boots but the lace loop broke. I definitely want another pair! Warm and keeps my feet warm!    ","      These are my favorite hiking boots I've ever owned. They're super comfortable and sturdy.    ","      After experiencing some problems with other brands, I ordered a larger size.  This is not necessary, as these seem to run true to size.  However, they do have a weird break across the two box that I didn't particularly like.  This may be resolved with the correct size.    ","      Bought this pair for my daughter for work. She loves them. They give her support around her ankles and are comfortable. I am going to buy myself a pair.    ","      I am so happy with these boots. I took them on a trip without breaking them in first, and they were great. Super comfortable. I wear an 11 in dress shoes and a 12 in all sporting shoes. I was worried about the color, but they are a light gray and I like them. I am also happy  they worked out because were the ONLY women's hiking boot I could find in a 12- thank you Columbia! Nothing from Lands end, LLBean, Keen, anyone...    ","      Took these shoes to Fall Creek Falls. They have excellent ankle support.    ","      These boots are exactly what I was looking for. They’re cute. Great for light hiking & taking walks in a rainy city. Kept my feet dry. They run large. I got an 8 (my usual size in boots) and had to exchange them for a 7.5.    ","      Amazing. I hiked 13 miles two days after getting these and they were perfectly comfortable. Great shoe for its intended value and looks great!!    ","      I like the Columbia brand hiking shoe. I always buy the same size and they always fit.    ","      Such a comfortable boot, waterproof,  and the non-slip sole is a bonus    ","      Today is my first day to wear them. I am breaking them in before I a major hike. I will need to wear them more before I can give a full review.I have had them on for 7 hours so far and just a small amount of discomfort but this is my first day to wear them.    ","      These shoes worked great for hiking with my boyfriend. They worked extremely well through the mud and my feet did not get wet at all throughout the entire 8 mile hike we took. They also fit perfectly, they are true to size.    ","      Comfortable, waterproof and true to size    ","      These shoes are amazing.  I wore them today on a hike and I had no back issues and they are very durable. Very much so worth my money!    ","      After doing a lot of research and shopping, I finally decided on these hiking boots. I absolutely love them. They are extremely durable and the waterproof quality of them is incredible. I used them for 4 weeks while hiking through Norway, and they are still in tip top condition (minus a lot of mud). I would definitely recommend buying these!    ","      Got as expected, exactly what I needed    ","      The shoes were comfortable and easy to break in.  Did not keep my feet as warm as anticipated.    ","      Great design, quality interior and exterior materials. Because I need more arch support I will purchase an insole insert but excellent product overall.    ","      These boots are 1/2 to 1 whole size smaller, due to the narrower cut.  They are somewhat narrow, thus the complaints of the seam digging into the tops of people's feet.  I did not have this problem, but they are very snug with regular socks. It you plan to wear these with thick socks, order a size larger.  I am a size 10B.  The 10.5 B I ordered fit like a 9.5N.  I am exchanging them for an 11B, since they don't come in wide width    ","      When you walk the sides and toes rub a little, and they fit appropriate otherwise. Too slow in the mail to send back.    ","      My girl is trully happy with these pair. Good quality.    ","      Fit comfortably! A little more room in the toe area. I’m assuming for thicker socks. But yet great.    ","      Added an insert for more cushion    ","      Comfortable right out of the box kept my feet warm and dry on my hike last weekend.    ","      They are perfect for hiking. I use mine all the time.  🥾    ","      Shoes are accurate fit, very comfortable. Perfect for hiking.    ","      I'm on my second pair they are great work shoes. Very well made and so comfy!    ","      Columbia shoes seem to run on the larger side,ordered a pair of their sandals and they also run larger.Have not  really worn these yet just tried them on so I dont know how they will feel wearing them.    ","      They run big... but good quality.. I wear size 10 but if I could I would of bought size 9.5...    ","      I wear a 9; however, I had to purchase a 10. Although my feet are narrow because I am barefoot most of the time but my toes expand outwards. The first time I wore these I went on a two and a half hour hike and they were comfortable.    ","      These are great had a pair for two years I had to get another pair    ","      Awesome shoes, bought them for hiking in the Grand Canyon in Janurary, through snow, some ice, slippery mud, solid mud, and sand. The shoes did great! Kept my feet warm and dry the whole time! A littttle slippery when it was solid ice but that's to be expected. I bought mine a half size bigger because I wear wool socks and they did a great job. Didn't take much to break them in but I do have high arches but a $5 Kroger pair of insoles did the job.    ","      Received as a gift. Have really held up well. They are water proof so might be a little warm to wear in the summer. They have been great here in the Pacific Northwest, rain, puddles, sprayed with a hose, waterproof 100%.    ","      I received my shoes today, but one of the laces has broken as in that photo i sent to you, so I would like to have a new lace for my shoes, thank you!    ","      The only issue I had with the boot was it was loose in the upper part on my leg. I’ll be wearing thicker socks so that will help. For looks, fit, wearability and value, these boots get a 5 from me.    ","      We ordered 2 pairs one men’s and the other women’s....these fit like a glove we both are in love with these hiking boots! We hiked a trail at Grandfather Mountain this weekend through tons of rocks and water and they were amazing, waterproof with superior grip.  Again we are both pleased with them and if we wear them out we will be ordering again.    ","      I ordered a size 8 because I have a Columbia boot in that size, but this fits a little bigger than expected.  I fit between 7.5 and 8 and wish I got the 7.5 but will keep the size 8.  Very comfortable and looking forward to using them in Alaska    ","      Love these!! Fit great! Very comfortable    ","      Fantásticas!    ","      I am glad I chose these shoes. I wore them the first time for a 6-mile bumpy hike. I was worried I would have to break them first on a short hike, it turned out I felt no discomfort on climbing up/down on the first hime. I am glad I chose them.    ","      A little rough not broken in! I’d recommend wearing them in normal life before actually hiking in them to break them in a bit. Otherwise they were great for hiking!!    ","      I love them! Took them on a 3 day hiking trip, and even though they were brand new they were still comfortable. Definitely waterproof! Love the color and they fit just GREAT! Even have some room for wool socks. Most comfortable hiking shoes I've had. I'm size 10.5 - 11 and ordered size 11 since I had no other option and they fit great. Price is good too!    ","      I bought these for hiking in Scotland.  I was a little concerned when I first wore them as they seemed a bit bulky and my feet hurt a little, but once I put some foam inserts in them (in all fairness I use them in all my boots) I was able to hike all day in comfort.  We hiked in the rain and had to cross streams.  My feet were still dry at the end of my hike.    ","      They fit a bit large but that is because I bought them a bit large on purpose since I have wide feet and it is difficult for me to find the right fit. I love these boots they are warm, I can walk right on puddles and they stay dry and toasty all day long! They don't slip on the snow which is very important for me. I would definitely recommend them to anyone, they are very good quality and materials and does the job for a harsh winter. They are also cute looking! I'm very happy with them.    ","      I bought these to go hiking for my first time ever, and I didn't really get a chance to really break them in before I went, and even though I also didn't have hiking socks on, the boots were super comfortable and I had no blisters after hiking a 10 mile trail. Unfortunately, during my hike, we a bad rain storm hit so about half of the trek back was made in heavy rain and after I got back to my car, my feet were actually dry. Therefore, I don't have much hiking experience, but I would greatly recommend these boots to anyone.    ","      Amazing and fit great. Ordered my usual 7.5 and they fit great. Wearing a Nike sports sock in it and not to loose or tight. Most importantly these are super cute,    ","      Lightweight, great quality, stylish look. Highly recommend!    ","      I wore these during a hiking excursion in Belize in October. We were there during the rainy season so it was really important I had something that were comfortable, had good traction and would keep my feet relatively dry. These boots had great traction! I wore them at least 13 hours and once I learned to tie them properly they were also pretty comfortable. The only not-so-great part was my feet eventually ended up completely soaked - total bummer. I'm still glad I got them!    ","      These are so comfortable!!  Very light on the feet, so I don't feel like I've got concrete block on my feet.  So glad I purchased these.    ","      Había sido un sueño por muchos años!En mi país Colombia no tenemos estas oportunidades tan a menudo.Gracias    ","      Love, love, love these hikers! I’m a perfect 10.5 women's shoe size and it’s hard to find them. These fit perfectly (10.5) and are very cute and affordable! I walked miles in them the first time and no rubbing or blisters at all!    ","      They felt really tight when I first got them and I got a half size bigger. my feet arent exactly narrow but after using these boots to go hiking a few times they loosened up. the tight is good because it doesn't allow my feet to move around in my shoe when I'm hiking. they are also pretty good looking. I'd recommend these to anyone who does hiking    ","      Yo quería que me quedara pero no está muy sacado o muy apretado como lo dicen ustedes me decepciono    ","      I’m a size 7 and I ordered a 7. They did fit out of the box but a little big -some thick socks and they were perfect! They look great and should last me many years. Very happy with my purchase.    ","      Great boot for walking/ hiking. Light weight and comfortable.    ","      They look great and are lightweight.  But, I have two problems with them.  First, I can definitely feel where they will get that toe crease and I could tell the first time I put them on.  Second, I am quite sure that they are not leather.  I just revisited the site and I got the black pair.  The word \"leather\" disappears for this boot.  But, further down it says that it is leather and mesh.It seems a bit false to have some colors be leather and others not.Also, there is no Columbia logo on them, which did not bother me, really, but it could mean these are a knock-off.Bottom line is that I will probably return them.  I believe I can get a pair of real leather boots for the same price.    ","      I haven't worn these hiking yet, my true test for hiking boots is after at least 4-5 miles. That's usually when my feet start really hurting so time will tell, but I did wear them out just into town and they seem comfortable. I know that's not much help.    ","      These hiking boots are awesome! I was debating between getting wide or regular but the regular fit just fine. Super comfortable and have great support.    ","      Leyendo los comentarios de que el zapato era más pequeño ordené media talla más (talla 9 US, 26 cm)  de la que usualmente uso (8.5 US 25.5 cm), pero el zapato es demasiado grande y ancho, por lo que aconsejo pedir su talla normal o media talla menos, un 8 me hubiese quedado bien. Devolví el producto.    ","      I LOVE these boots! Used them literally every day on a 3.5 week trip all around the United Kingdom, walking through puddles, mud, and cold weather and my toes never got wet and I had great support in the arch and ankle!    ","      I normally wear a size 10 and had tried a size 10 of these boats on in a store.  Thought they were a little small and they did not have any larger sizes.  I looked up the shoe on Amazon and was so happy to see a 10.5 available as often, an 11 is usually a bit big.  I have been wearing these boots around the house the last couple days and they feel wonderful.    ","      Good boots! First trip out in them, it rained the whole time. My feet stayed completely dry! Completely waterproof! Grip on the bottom of the shoes is fantastic! Was expecting problems with grip based on other reviews, but I've had no problems whatsoever! Been backpacking two times now in these shoes and they are fit perfectly! Very comfortable. A bit heavy and stuffy for the feet. A very good purchase.    ","      I like everything about them.  Everyday wear if appropriate for how I'm dressed    ","      I can definitely say those shoes can be worn in snow winter (-7C) as well as hiking on dry hills. It was frost but I didn’t feel a thing! Thick and warm shoes. Of course you should wear some thermal underwear and thick socks. They are waterproof but I still put some protective spray on.    ","      Aesthetically these boots are nice. But like so many others said the top of the boot bends and rubbed the top of my foot with each step. The quality isn't quite there. The price is good but just spend the extra $$ to get a good pair of hikers. I returned these.    ","      I am very happy with these shoes.  I have looked for black hiking boots for awhile and I love these.  I have worn them for a few days and they are ready to go hiking now. I ordered a size 9 which is my normal size shoe.  I will be buying them again.    ","      Just what I was looking for to keep feet comfortable, warm, and dry! Great fit and looks good on the foot. Excellent traction yet not a heavy boot.    ","      Love the shoe and everything about it! Except it came with the magnet sensor still on it.... and basically every store is closed so I can’t go get it removed so I can use them soon... not sure what to do about that but maybe Google will know. Otherwise a perfect shoe!    ","      Parfait pour la randonnée. Bottes très légères    ","      I have been wearing these for months now and can tell they will last! I am not a super frequent hiker, but whenever I do, I use them and they are sturdy and reliable, but still feel very comfortable! Great investment!    ","      I was a bit hesitant about these shoes,but the color is perfect.Not too bright, but it has a touch of that pink. They fit really comfortable,  and they look good! Not weird looking on the front either.    ","      Son unas botas demasiado cómodas y muy resistentes. Las use para subir el pico de Orizaba y no sufrí de frio. Me quedaron un poco grandes (un numero) con respecto al que uso normalmente pero para lo que las quiero si me funcionan.    ","      As with all Columbia products, you can't beat them.    ","      I absolutely love these boots. I have a job where I walk around in the woods all day, and they are exactly what I was looking for. I especially like that they are black and brown so they pretty much match everything. They also keep my feet very dry. I would absolutely purchase this pair of shoes again!!!    ","      Recieved in a timely mater, shoes were comfortable right out of the box    ","      I already have a pair of brown Columbia hiking boots and I wore them all over Europe. Unlike my tennis shoes, they kept my feet comfortable while walking over cobblestoned areas. So, it was an easy choice to return to the Columbia brand when I wanted a pair of black boots.    ","      Could use a bit more arch support but overall I am very pleased. Especially for the price. Disclaimer - Only hiked in them once so far and they did fine. I was surprised how comfy they were considering that they were fresh out of the box stiff. That gives me hope that they will only improve.    ","      Que decían que eran muy cómodos adentro de la bota y por eso la escogí y son muy duros    ","      My favorite pair of boots! They are very comfortable and sturdy. Wear them every day for work.    ","      I needed some boots for hiking while in Rwanda and normally I don't buy shoes online, especially ones that I need to trust for support, but it was last minute and I made such a good decision. These boots were perfection and completely water proof. Everything was true to description    ","      I wore these boots hiking the mountains in Australia all I can say is WOW, so comfortable.  Saved my feet, my lungs well that’s a whole other story.  They are so comfortable I’m going to wear them for style too.  I saw the same style in stores to wear with jeans.    ","      Amazing shoe. Fits very comfortably. The shoes came right on time. Very happy with the purchase    ","      These have been great so far, they fit as expected and I even have a wider foot but not quite enough to look for specifically wide shoes. They are a bit stiff, but that is to be expected.    ","      These boots are EXCELLENT. I usually wear 6.5/7 and have wide feet so I bought these in 7's. Hiked all weekend long in Michigan's upper peninsula through mud, water, rocky cliffs, etc, and have no complaints whatsoever! No break-in period was needed either. The 7's were a bit loose, but I wasn't wearing proper hiking socks so I'm sure with thicker socks they'll be just fine. Would definitely recommend!    ","      Read reviews and ordered half a size larger, it fitted perfectly so thank you reviewers!Took them in an intense hiking trip this past weekend and they were perfect! No blisters, perfect fit, good traction even on slippery areas (sand, loose rocks). I wore them with tall, thick socks just to make sure my feet were protected and I felt their ventilation was very good.    ","      Used for hiking and worked well. Used in shallow water too and didn’t leak through.    ","      I love them! There are waterproof,  breathable and have a very high traction grip, exactly how they say. They are very light and fit amazing on the foot. Perfect for hiking.    ","      Very comfortable and not too heavy. Keeps my feet warm and dry in rain.    ","      I haven't really used them yet, but they are super light. I walked around in them briefly and they are really comfortable and seem to have good bend and flexibility to the soles. They also have really good ankle support, but not too much that it's bothersome. I'm really picky when it comes to my shoes because I have plantar fasciitis, but I think these are a great pair of boots. I would buy them again.    ","      Great looking boot.  Comfortable fit and surprisingly easy to get on and off.    ","      I bought these before a recent camping trip that was expected to be rainy and they were exactly what I needed! They were warm, tough and I was able to trudge through the mud with no problem. By the end of the weekend, I could feel they weren't totally broken in yet, but that's to be expected. I can't wait to wear them again!    ","      I loved how this boots fit my feet.  They fit very nice with thicker hiking socks on.  I had tried these pairs at a local retailer.  I knew they fit me.  I have gone out for a hiking already, and they are very comfortable and light.  I have short and wide feet.  But this 8M fits nice while other brand's 8M seemed too tight for me.  I did not buy the pair at the retailer because I needed to check Amazon.  Sure enough, Amazon offered a significant discount.  I loved it.    ","      Excellent fit, comfortable and provides top support during arduous hikes    ","      Elle sont parfaites, super confortable et imperméable. Je les adorent. Acheter pour une deuxième fois 🤩🤩    ","      Great boot when it comes to waterproofing and ankle support but got a giant blister going downhill after a mountain hike. There may have been a manufacturing problem because something was poking out inside the shoe. Needless to say I wouldn’t buy them again because now I HAVE to wear a bandaid in order to wear them but other than that they are a decent boot.    ","      I love these boots. I really don't have much to compare with, but these are great. I would suggest wearing these around for a little bit before you go hiking (if you get the leather ones.)    ","      Lightweight yet super sturdy and supportive. Love em    ","      These boots are AMAZING! I bought a pair for my trip to Iceland. Iceland has some really rough terrain but these boots got me through all the hikes and kept my feet warm. They are waterproof and have good grip when climbing on wet rocks and crossing rivers. Highly recommend getting these for such a great price.    ","      It isn't bad for an inexpensive hiking boot.  It does not have good arch support and I think that the arch of the boot isn't in the same place as the arch of my foot.  They are very inflexible; i.e. they do not bend. I wore them around the house and could tell after a few hours that they wouldn't be right for me.  Wiggle room in the toe box is good and can accommodate a heavy sock. They are a bit longer in length than the Keen I have tried.    ","      Amazing hiking boots for almost every weather condition. Very water resistant, walked through nearly ankle deep water without my socks getting wet. Very comfortable, light weight.Only con is that the tongue tends to jut out and needs adjusting here and there regardless of how I tie the laces    ","      Wearing them right now and I am so inlove! I work production for festivals, so havign these boots when the fields are soaking wet is perfect because they are completly water proof. The ankel is great for support for long days of walking or hiking. I'll recomend to my friends for sure    ","      Pros:Boot fit perfectly. I'm an 8.5, ordered an 8.5, and took them to work the next day with no blisters. They are waterproof. Good grip on them.Cons:However, I read a lot of reviews before purchasing these boots and trusted them but my boots did not meet my expectations. I love and trust Colombia, but these boots get extremely hot with a little sunlight. Your feet feel as if they are burning and I often have to put water on them to cool them down. I'm a field biologist working in San Clemente Island and we hike where there's lots of cholla and prickly pears. The cholla went right through my boots! Very painful. The worst part is that this is the only pair of boots I have with me on the island so I have to suffer with them until I get off.    ","      Great service, everything arrived as described. Fits true to size with room for thicker socks as well.    ","      I love these! So comfortable. I was hesitant to get boots online without trying them on but they are perfect. I used them to hike around right after it snowed and ended up accidentally stepping in a deep puddle of ice water and they sure are waterproof. Not a drop went inside.    ","      Fit well, good to walk and hike. Waterproof. Good ankle support.    ","      I bought them for a caving tour at Mammoth Cave national park in Kentucky. These are really cute, and the ankle support is really comfortable and flexible. The traction on the sole is great, so I could also wear them in snowy Michigan. They keep your feet dry and warm in the snow! But your feet do get hot after wearing them indoor for a couple hours.    ","      Haven’t broken them in completely, but they fit snugly with a bit of extra toe room for thick socks and swelling after a long hike. Tested them out in wet terrain and they are waterproof, as advertised. Also got great traction on slippery rocks while fishing at the levee. Great boots!    ","      Very good looking boots!  Comfortable and sturdy!  And waterproof!!    ","      I really like these. I have a hard time with shoes and this is the 3rd pair of hiking boots I've tried to buy and couldn't get the size right.I wear between a 10.5 and 11 and ordered a 10.5. They were a little snug when I first tried them on but after wearing them around town for 2 days they fit perfectly. We went for a 6 mile hike the weekend after I'd gotten them and they were perfect!    ","      I am normally a 12.  These run a little big, but that is good for thick hiking socks.  Read up on different tying methods to stop toe crease in the boot.    ","      Comfy and warm, true to size, just the crease above the left big toe started to hurt I’m hoping they will soften up and that will go away    ","      My wife absolutely loves these boots! I ordered them for her especially since she has major back problems and her back didn't hurt at all while we were hiking. In fact, she stated that they were some of the best boots she has ever worn!    ","      I had to return these. All the shoes made like this dog into the top of my foot about an inch above the toe range. Not sure why they get such good reviews but returning them was the easiest experience ever.    ","      THIS IS THE BEST WOMENS HIKING BOOT OUT THERE FOR THE MONEY.    ","      love love these boots would love to get another pair    ","      I needed a new pair of boots for walking in the park with the dog.  These are perfect and I love buying a local Portland product..Go Columbia Sportswear!!Excellent fit, not heavy and supportive to my aging knees and ankles..these could be good mud trail hiking boots if I still did that..but I don't..flat walking in the park is about all I can manage at 74.  Sucks.    ","      Bought these for my teenaged daughter for backpacking trips. She’s worn them in the rain and on dry trips as well. They’re a perfect fit for her and keep her feet warm and dry. Great purchase!    ","      Buy them for my mom as a gift and she love them, they are pretty soft and comfortable, also keep your feet warm and don’t let any water go inside    ","      I really like them but they could be a little less stiff in the sole.  I've have them the weeks and they ste still stiff    ","      I love the warmth and the fit of the boots; however, I only wore the shoes 1 full shift and 3 hours into my shift, the buckle for the laces popped off. I mean literally popped off. I have purchased Columbia boots before, and they lasted a full year. But this has never happened to any of my other boots and I have a boot collection. I am forced to return the boots.    ","      It is true to size.  I normally wear a 6 but I ordered a half size bigger for thicker socks, should have ordered a 6. I ordered these boots for my first hiking trip to Colorado. They held up great in the snow, rain, mud. They are very comfortable.    ","      I bought these boots for my wife, who was looking for a replacement for her aging Dexter boots.  These fit the bill.  They are waterproof and warm, and true to size.  Being leather, they were slightly stiff out of the box, but after a few days of wear, were very comfortable.  Build quality looks good.    ","      These were my first pair of hiking boots and they were perfect. They didnt require any “breaking in” time and i went on many long hikes with them in chile and south africa with no problems. They are very comfortable and easy to put on and take off. Highly recommend    ","      Top part of boot is stiff but I'm expecting that to lesson after time    ","      I bought these in size 7.5 which is the normal size I buy in boots and running shoes and they fit perfectly! Very sturdy boots with a surprising amount of support and foot room! Cannot wait to hike in these boots after I break them in!    ","      Purchased for my daughter. He really liked them as we hiked around MiniHaHa Waterfalls. Very comfortable and waterproof as we crossed a stream. Great price    ","      Very happy with my purchase.  They are exactly what I wanted.    ","      I have only worn these at home so far. I have arch supports and was looking for something that would accommodate them. These fit perfectly with my arch supports. There is plenty of room in the toe box so they aren’t too snug. Can’t wait to hike in them!    ","      They run a little small, but they are VERY comfy! I wore them every day for 2 weeks and my feet never hurt, never got wet in the rain. Recently wore on a trip to NY wore around Times Square etc because it was cold. My feet stayed warm!  I will absolutely buy again!    ","      The boot is very lightweight and comfortable    ","      These fit as expected and provide good ankle support. It took a couple days to break them in but they’re really comfortable now. I have really narrow feet and my feet don’t feel like they’re swimming around.    ","      I have worn my Columbia Hiking boots for several years, I hiked so much I wore out the bottoms of my first pair and bought myself another pair.  I then bought these for my daughter that works on her feet all day long, she loves them as well!  This is the review I have written year after year...  BUT this time, my boots don't fit the same..  My old ones are more comfortable, just the soles are worn down, these are tighter and are NOT as comfortable..  just bought a new pair.  Went a size up..  sadly the toe box is too narrow. .  Never used to be    ","      Beautiful boots, comfortable right out of the box! Order your usual shoe size; I normally buy up a half size when buying boots, and these would have been too big. Ordered my usual size 7 and they fit perfectly with thick socks.    ","      I love these SO MUCH. I normally wear a 8 or 9 so I got a 8.5. They're a little big but I figure I'll just wear thick socks in the winter with them. Definitely a great buy. Dont hesitate! Get these    ","      Honestly cannot recommend these enough -- purchased them before a trip to Glacier National Park but also wear them a lot for hiking back in Arizona. Great ankle support and fit overall; not too tight in toes and doesn't give me blisters. LOVE LOVE LOVE.    ","      Waterproof indeed! Its very comfy although my partners one rubs on the ankle    ","      This is my 3rd pair of hiking boots from Columbia. I think they are great. I can actually buy them on line and they fit great.I still have my 2nd pair of boots for home and have a new pair to keep in our R.V. I told my friend about these boots last year, we went shopping for her and she end up really like them too. Thank you Columbia for making a boot that fits my feet.    ","      True to size and comfortable. Perfect for dirt bike tracks.    ","      I got these for a trip to Scotland.  I wore these everyday and I didn't even have to break them in - and I did a lot of hiking and just walking around towns.  Very comfortable.  Not once did I slip on wet leaves or wet cobblestone.    ","      These shoes look great on, I bought the black/red ones. They're nice and roomy in the toe box. I wear a 7.5 in regular shoes and bought an 8.5. The fit is perfect for hiking, long enough that my toes won't hit when going downhill. However, they have very little arch support and I was not able to get them to fit quite right around the ankles. Will be returning them.    ","      These are great boots. Easy to clean, great grip and very dry and warm inside. So good, I'm getting another pair in a different colour.    ","      I have bought them twice. Very happy to have found them again.    ","      This is my second pair of these boots. I use them as every day work boots outdoors. My first pair lasted me over 2 years. Very comfortable and great support for standing all day every day. Hold up well in the rain and mud.    ","      Great quailty and comfortable.  They are just a little big but that will be perfect with the right hiking socks.    ","      always use this boots with long socks, my mistake was really painful the first time I used without it. Even though I didn't walk a lot! It took time to the shoes to feel really comfortable!    ","      I've had for several months and they are holding up great    ","      I love these, they are lightweight but provide the support that I need for plantar fasciitis, oh and hiking!. I am going to buy different laces, as they tend to come undone.    ","      I really wanted to love them. They run a bit narrow for hiking boots and also rub above the inside of ankle.    ","      Exactly what I was looking for.  Great fit, comfortable.    ","      Love the shoes! They are perfect for cold weather or warm. I have been able to use them when I go hiking or casually going out. Best boots to have if you like to go abroad and travel. I love the color.    ","      I really like these boots. They have great traction on hills, gravel and mud and are true to size. The toe crease bothered me on my first hike, but they are nicely broken in now. Cleaned up well after a spray with the hose!    ","      El zapato es para uso senderismo, es cómodo pero no me duró nada a lactar de puesta se despegó el plástico de la punta    ","      I like these boots, they have held up well the last 6 months. Still waterproof. I have to tight them a little differently so the metal doesn't dig into the top of my foot. Overall I don't love them but still good quality.    ","      I'm loving these boots. I had been searching for a good hiking boot that I can wear on my hikes as well during yard work. I wanted something supportive around my ankles and good thread. These are it. I'm currently wearing them now to break them in and they are amazing.    ","      Size of the shoes goes just right. I would give four stars instead of five and the reason is that the shoes are so easily get dirty when there is dust on the road. I cannot tell the original color of the shoes after walked on a dirt road.    ","      Best hiking boots I’ve owned! Fast delivery and never even had to break them in, comfortable from day one. Sometimes the top can rub my ankle a little sore but nothing a good pair of socks can’t fix. Would buy these again absolutely!    ","      Used on 7 5-10 mile hikes so far. Good width, lightweight, somewhat waterproof, but does bend at an awkward spot at the toe which can cause some irritation when you’re up to you 6th mile in. It’s not like it’s unbearable, just annoying. Was just hoping for something in this price range to be a little more thought through. It also runs a little small.    ","      Very comfortable straight out of the box. Love how lightweight these are! I’ve gone on a few hikes with these so far (one over 8 miles) and have zero complaints. I love that these look a little casual and I don’t feel out of place wearing them out and about for whatever we’re doing before/after a hike.    ","      I purchased these for my mother as she was looking for a work shoe. She needed something sturdy and waterproof, yet all of the work shoes she saw in stores were either ridiculously heavy and steel towed or aimed toward people that do a lot of walking indoors. I saw these and thought they might work and they are perfect! Even on the rainiest day her feet remain dry yet they're still lightweight and comfortable!    ","      I’m usually a 6 and the size 6 fit perfect even with thick socks. I’ve used these 3-4 times now during hikes with different terrain; rocky, grassy, muddy and wet, even used them for some rock scrambling and they have held up well! I’m happy with my purchase :)    ","      I love them. Very  comfortable    ","      I have been wearing these boots for about 2 weeks now and they seem to be good so far. Fairly warm, light weight, and waterproof. They fit around my foot nicely, but they do rub on my ankle bones somewhat, but that is getting better the more they start to break in. A couple more weeks of wear and they should be broke in enough for trail hiking.    ","      Took these boots on a 35 mile hike on the MD portion of the AT. I broke the boots in on this trip and came out with blisters albeit none of them were impairing my performance. My blisters only grew smaller as the trip went on. Just break them in before you go and these will  be perfect for you.    ","      I'm only giving four stars because I don't know how much it will stretch once I've really broken them in, but the shoe fits very snug. I had to order a 1/2 size smaller than what I normally wear in a running shoe.    ","      Bought these for an upcoming trip to the Swiss Alps.  I’ve been wearing them around to make sure they are broken in before my trip.  They fit perfectly and are very comfortable.    ","      It's totally going to last a few years.    ","      Really nice boots. Not cheap, but you get what you pay for. Stylish and comfortable. Been wearing them for a few months now, almost daily, and so far they've held up just fine.    ","      I used these to hike up Mt. Batur in Bali. They did a pretty good job of handling volcanic ash and sand on the steep slope. I would highly recommend.    ","      I like the style of the boot.  I  dislike that the boot is not \"WATERPROOF,\"  and could be a little more comfortable in the foot bed.  I received these boots in the mail on 1/31 and I wore them today (2/4) due to the snow melting. I thought these would do the job but I was very disappointed because I work outside all day and had wet feet for almost 11 hours.  I am hoping I can exchange these boots for a better pair.  I gave 2 stars because they are not waterproof as described and the foot bed does not have the best comfort.  I suggest buying a pair of insoles if you are going to be working in these boots all day.    ","      Better than expected.  These boots fit and feel great.    ","      I tried these boots on at a store and passed on them. I couldn't forget about how well they fit though, and how light they were. Being waterproof was just a bonus! I decided that I needed these and so I went on Amazon, where I was happy to find they were cheaper than at the store. The color is a nice cool gray, with just the right blue to accent it. Everything about these are comfortable! Able to go hiking on and off trails comfortably!    ","      Very comfortable! Wore them in Iceland for 5 days and did not take any other shoes. Wore them 1-2 days to break them in before we left but didn’t really need to. I got a size 9...~ 1/2 size bigger. Perfect! I usually wear 8.5 or occasionally 9.    ","      These are my second pair of hiking boots. They are light, truly water resistant and I was able to hike 11 miles without any issues the first day. Awesome pair of boots!!!    ","      They are a little loose for me even though I purchased my usual size. But they have held up beautifully. Especially when tied a bit tighter on a particularly long hike.    ","      Fit great, such high quality boots for the price. They are warm but still wearable in the summertime. No issues with the waterproof-ness! The traction on the bottoms its awesome- used them in the desert and the snowy woods.    ","      Great boots and are waterproof. When breaking them in, they made my toes hurt a little bit but I'm unsure of whether this was because of my foot or if this is consistent with the boot.    ","      I have been on a countless amount of hikes wearing my running shoes.  It feels so amazing to have actual hiking boots.  I plan to go hiking within the next week and try them out.  I got size 11 W not too tight and very comfy!  I'm so happy I bought these.  The delivery was fast as well with prime.    ","      Love the design, a bit on the heavier side but still easy to walk on. Also is very easy to clean off the surface when walking on dirty or mud. Serves its purpose, love my boots.    ","      I wore these boots for the 1ST TIME, hiking through the Rocky Mountains and exploring Denver, Colorado. They were extremely comfy without having to break them in and we’re completey waterproof. The only thing is that they will rub your ankles raw if you don’t wear thick socks.    ","      Really comfortable, kept feet warm and dry    ","      I bought this for my first all day height. It first great and is super durable. I bought the size I usually order and it fit perfectly.    ","      Love these boots! Kept me warm and dry in super cold and snowy weather! Would be again and again. Perfect fit for my 8.5 flat feet. Very comfortable for prolonged wear and everyday use.    ","      I love it. I have had other hiking shoes before but this one is very comfy and lightweight. Only regret is that it runs slightly big. But the suggested size for me was 6.5 but I went ahead with my usual 7. So I am giving it 5 stars anyway as its my fault for not taking the suggested advice! With thick hiking socks, its perfect. highly recommended!    ","      Very happy with these boots. They are roomy and I’ll defin wear thicker socks with these. They kept my feet warm and dry and the first day I wore them I had them all 5 hours while doing yard cleanup and I didn’t get blisters. Very pleased.    ","      After reading the reviews I decided to get a half size larger and am glad that I did.  We are planning a big camping trip and I wanted to make sure the boots were well broken in before that.  The first time I tried them on they were comfortable--no need to break them in.  I walked a couple of miles in them and had no new-shoe pain.  These are a great boot and have the quality I expect from Columbia.    ","      I bought these for my wife, and we used them on a hike today. The shoes are great and require no break-in. I have the Mens Newton Ridge Plus II boots and they are just as nice as these. She is a standard width, and these shoes fit her perfectly. I would advise to order your exact size, as these shoes are sized just right. No need to up-size or down-size.    ","      Everything was as expected!!    ","      Might run half a size smaller than your usual. Nice design, doesn’t look bulky at all. My wife is excited to go on our hikes!    ","      These are the perfect pair of hiking boots. They provide great support, are completely waterproof and super comfortable. I wore these during a trip to the mountains of Peru and used them literally everyday.    ","      I wore these hiking boots through thick, slimy mud and they came through for me. I didn't feel any wetness - definitely worth the money to buy them. I love them and plan on wearing them more often for hikes!    ","      Excellent fit and very comfortable.    ","      Barely needed to even break them in. Went hiking in Colorado and they have not disappointed me yet!    ","      Great boots! The color is great and so is the fit. They aren't snug or too loose. I bought a half size up for thick socks but even with thin socks they aren't loose they fit well. Used them for hiking around a swampy area, dry dusty area, and rocky area, these boots have conquered every terrain!    ","      I really like these boots. It took a few days to break them in, but that's to be expected. And because I plan on walking and hiking around in these boots for long periods of time , I got then a half size larger to allow for the usual foot swell and thicker socks. These boots are light to not like the other hiking boots I've owned in the past, so there is not that extra weight to lug about.    ","      I didn't submerge in water, but walks to shallow creeks with them on and my feet stayed completely dry. Very comfortable. Grips rock well for climbing. I didn't really break them in before taking them to Colorado for hiking and never got blisters or sore feet. Great boots!    ","      Great price and fit. So glad I bought these boots for wet, slippery walking in the Highlands of Scotland. I didn't want to spend an arm and a leg for something I do 2 weeks a year. Highly recommend.    ","      Columbia is a great product.    ","      This is my third pair of the boots. They are great, comfortable and easy to keep.    ","      I feel safe walking on snow and water. Very confortable, not really heavy, perfect my size.Good for winter time in Canada.    ","      They are very comfortable! Didn't even have to break them in!    ","      Overall a nice comfortable boot with good fit , very satisfied and would purchase them again.    ","      These are great boots! Durable. Great fit. Comfortable. High top protects the ankle. Great quality. No blisters after a long day of hiking. Great, fashionable look, too.    ","      Bought this for a hiking trip in Banff. I wore once before, to make sure I didn't need to break them in. Worked out perfectly. Fits true to size. I usually wear a size 8 and ordered an 8 and fits perfectly.    ","      It is so comfortable shoes. Easy clean too,  i like it so much!    ","      These boots are so comfortable soft leather and low at the heel like the true hiking boots are. I wear them all the time and didn’t have to break them in even. The lace up is most efficient & easy.    ","      These boots fit perfectly. They are well made and will be perfect for hiking and inclimate weather.    ","      I wear a size 8 Wide in sneakers, so I was taking my chance on these 8M.  They fit nicely with enough room for a little heavier sock.  They are comfortable to walk in all day.  I sprayed them with boot protection, as I will be using these in the woods.  Very pleased with these.  I highly recommend these and the price was very good compared to other hiking boots.    ","      I love these shoes.  They fit perfect right out of the box.  I've worn them in tall, very wet grass and thru puddles and my socks and feet stay nice and dry.  Well worth a try.    ","      Happy to find these again and bought a second pair for my daughter as she loved her first pair so much. First pair still in pretty good shape after four years of hard wear but thought a new pair was in order.    ","      Shoe fits well & is pretty light weight compared to other hiking boots.  Haven't had a chance to wear them for an extended period but definitely comfortable. I wear a women's US s10.5/11 narrow normally, but the 10 B (M) fits well. I even put on with thick wool socks and still had space to move my toes.    ","      I broke them in on a 6 mile hike on the Blood Mountain loop, and they did great! I was told they were true to size, but I would go a half size up if ordering again.    ","      This is my second pair of this type of Columbia boot. I use these boots for work and the first pair lasted me for almost 3 years of continuous use. I work in a warehouse on concrete floors and they give me the support I need for my ankles and feet.    ","      I like the boot, it fit well just not as comfortable especially at the toes where the boot bends. Exchanged for a different one but still Columbia.    ","      I wear a size 8.5 normally and I ordered an 8.5 and it fit perfectly. Even with thick socks it would still have a great fit! The shoe is made with great quality and is very comfortable. And it is extremely stylish too!!! Love them!    ","      It was under kids boots when i ordered it when I received it its women size 6    ","      good    ","      Randonnée en raquette    ","      I bought these boots for an upcoming trip, they felt great when I tried them on & walked around for a bit, anxious to try them out on my trip!    ","      Did not fit, but looked very good quality    ","      This is the third pair of these boots I have ordered. I liked the fit and comfort of the first pair so much, I ordered a second, then a third. I want to have them for a LONG time to come. I have narrow feet, and these fit well without being too cramped; they also have a high toe box for comfortable long-distance and up-and-down hiking.My sister, who wears Size 11 recently ordered the same boot on my recommendation.    ","      I tried these boots on and they fit beautifully.  I like the look of them and will use them in the winter when it snows.  The tread should keep me from slipping, which is a big plus.    ","      I chose .5 size up as recommended by other reviews and they are slightly larger for me, no need for exhange.They look amazing and warm in cold weather (-15 degree). Great purchase and would get another pair.    ","      Great Boots    ","      These hiking boots are perfect for outdoor walking/hiking in the winter.    ","      I sprained my ankle really badly at the end of summer so I needed something with ankle support but also something that wasn’t clunky or heavy. These are absolutely perfect! Quick to break in, super lightweight, good support. And for the price, they’re a must-have.    ","      I like the way that the boots fit and look.    ","      These shoes have a lot of room in them! I am a 5.5/6. I bought the size 6 and wish I went with the 5.5. However overall these shoes are great and they look great!    ","      These boots are amazing!  Lightweight, waterproof, and super comfortable.  Bought them for a week of hiking in Zion (paved & unpaved trails), Bryce (lots of snow), and the Grand Canyon and couldn't be more pleased.  The boots didn't even require a \"break-in\" period before putting them to use.  Great value for the price and feel they will last a long time.    ","      Cometí un error al comprar este artículo no me fijé que era de mujer y yo lo quiero de hombre y lo pedí como 9.5 como puedo hacer para devolverlo y poder comprar el de hombre en la misma size 9.5    ","      Its Columbia what else would you expect.  Great Value.    ","      There was a problem with my order I was almost charged twice. Then once I received my shoes they were uncomfortably narrow. I even order up half a size. I ware 9 1/2s so I ordered 10s. But the shoe was narrow and hurt my foot as soon as I tried it on. I'm so disappointed. Besides the width the shoe seemed like it would be awesome.    ","      It fits almost PERFECTLY!!! Love it!!! The only bad thing is that the surface is a little bit too hard and uncomfortable, but given that it is a hiking boot I think it's fine. Hope that it will get more comfortable after I wear it for several days.    ","      These boots are perfect. I’ve hiked many canyons and mountains in them now and they held up great in both hot desert climate and winter snow and ice. The size fits as expect, make sure you break them in before doing a major hike.    ","      These are awesome! I totally recommend.    ","      I absolutely loved these hiking boots. I used them for about 8 days straight in Iceland. They held up great, are very comfortable, look great, and are definitely waterproof! Also, they kept my feet prety warm the whole time we were there. They fit as expected.    ","      Was worried about ordering on line but they fit great!    ","      It’s a top quality Columbia hiking boot. Not too much to say. You will not be disappointed.    ","      I bought these boots for a hiking trip to RMNP in Colorado. Wore them for a couple hikes and the rubber front of the boot separated from the upper part of the shoe. I expected a little better quality for only a few hikes after spending the money on what is usually a reputable brand. I had broken them in before hiking but still got blisters on both heels.    ","      Awesome fit! Great support!    ","      Pues queda bien y si me gustan    ","      La agujeta benia dañada    ","                                                                                                                                                        De media kon niet worden geladen.                                                                               Took about 2 days to break in but after that, it was comfortable even after SEVERAL hours of hiking. The grip was also amazing. The waterproof feature is also awesome!!    ","      This design is very different from most other hiking boots.  The thickened shoelace attachment panel digs down into the toe box causing blisters and painful pressure points.  Tread is great though and light weight.    ","      Love these boots,  lightweight,  comfortable,  I wear everyday to work.    ","      I typically wear a size 8 but needed a 7.5 in these.  But these boots are AWESOME.  Super comfy like a tennis shoe but with the extra support and functionality of a hiking boot.  And they are very sharp looking.  I love these.    ","      I was really nervous about ordering shoes online because of how they might fit but these fit me perfectly! I feel they are of great quality and I can't wait to hike with them soon. The only problem is they pushed on the top of my foot a bit when walking which I expect to maybe ease up a bit once I break them in. Not worth taking a star off though, I love these shoes so far.    ","      Very comfortable and stylish boot. I was very happy with them for a month. After that they began to fall apart, they last three months before the bottom came off. Another girl I work with had the same thing happened to her With the same boots. To be fair I am a zookeeper and I wore them every day at work.    ","      I deliver mail on foot (13 miles) a day. At the end of the first day I wore these I didn’t have a blister or sore feet. Very comfortable!! I did size up so they were roomy for my thick socks.    ","      Money very well spent.    ","      Great guy! I don’t regret it one bit. I didn’t have to “break them in.”I used them right away and was comfortable the whole hike through.    ","      They were given as a gift and did not disappoint. They fit perfect and are very durable.    ","      I really wanted to like these boots. I work as a Ranger for a local Nature Center which means I need a good pair of boots that I can wear for long periods of time and they can handle the terrain. I gave these boots a fair shot as I know sometimes you just have to break them in. The first wear my foot felt like it was getting smashed by the toe crease which ended up giving me a blister on both big toes. The second time I used thicker socks and used a Dr. Scholl  insert to see if it would help but I still ended up with not only blisters on my toes but now some on my heels. The third time I wore band aids in advance and within an hour my toes were hurting and my heels had blisters. I unfortunately am going to just give these to someone as I can't wear them or return them.    ","      I didn’t care much for them in person and they were really narrow. Ended up returning them.    ","      I wear a women's size 12 so for years I have settled for buying men's hiking shoes which are typically wider then I need. I was very happy that Columbia increased their women's shoe line into larger sizes. I was able to wear these shoes and hike around the Christmas markets for hours upon end without getting blister or feeling like I had broken in a new pair of boots. They are sturdy, well-made and with some care and attention they will last for a very long time making it well worth the money.    ","      These boots are very comfortable, and lightweight.  Because they are so comfortable, you don’t mind having them on all day.  Long walks, hikes are no problem in these boots.  So far, they are holding up.  A++    ","      I wore these on our camping trip to Havasu Falls in Arizona 10+ miles in and 10 out  and 10 around while we were there ...  and I Was the only one with out nasty blisters at the end of our trip ... I did wear them around for a few days before the trip to break them in .. they are a great shoe    ","      Ansich solides Produkt, aber unfassbar unbequem durch einschneidende Knickfalte über den Zehen    ","      Very comfortable and waterproof.  Not slip proof and you can slip while wearing them    ","      10/10 would recommend these boots. Life saver for my hike out west    ","      I would recommend this boot    ","      I bought these boots for winter hiking.  They provide good traction on wet, uneven or rocky surfaces and the insulation keeps me warm without making my feet overheat and sweat.  I would recommend these to other winter hikers.    ","      Fit perfectly, very comfy    ","      These boots were amazing!! 36 miles in 3 days and not one blister.    ","      Love these boots.  I didn't have to break them in at all.  I can wear them all day my ankles are supported.    ","      I love these boots. Great support and so comfortable.    ","      I ordered my normal shoe size and they fit perfectly!! These were so comfortable on my first hike without even breaking them in. I do recommend getting thicker, above the ankle, hiking socks so the ankle area doesn't rub on your skin.    ","      I've had these for about six months, and I still love them. They are light weight, comfy, and water repellent. They're perfect.    ","      My girlfriend and I do a lot of hiking. I purchased these boots for her for Christmas.These boots are waterproof, they are warm but ventilate well, they have a nice tread pattern which improves grip on all terrain. My only problem is that the tongue doesn't ever want to stay in place. It comes loose and rubs on my girlfriend's feet when she wears them causing blisters and worn spots. No matter what socks she wears, it happens. No matter how tight or loose she laces them, it happens. I thought they would just break in like some boots do, but no. They cause her pain every time she wears them. They are hiking boots meant to be walked long distances in and she cannot get more than a mile without ending up with blisters.    ","      El producto me vino con unos rayones en su parte frontal como si alguien los hubiese usado y pegado con algo    ","      They fit GREAT! I sometimes need to wear a wider shoe, but the standard width of these is very comfortable. They have a nice deep toe box, so my feet don't feel cramped on long walks. Keep my feet warm, dry & comfortable!    ","      Bueno el producto justo lo que quería    ","      Super happy with this purchase. Wore them to yosemite and it was snowing. They were perfect. Dont order larger as if they are running shoes though.    ","      This is also a good work book to use the weeder on a steep hillside here    ","      A little wide, but maybe with thicker socks this winter that will be a good thing. The color is prettier than as pictured. I went on a short hike in misty rain on wet rock and leaves this weekend. No slipping even with my dog pulling his lead downhill!Would recommend.    ","      These were comfortable for about an hour and then I had to change shoes. Anytime you squat and need to toe to bend it pinches and is painful. These are not worth the money, I tried wearing them multiple times just to make sure I didn’t like them and each time they were as painful as the last. Don’t waste your money. They were the cutest waterproof boots I could find so I was disappointed they were painful to wear but I ended up finding a less attractive pair for half the price and hecka comfy for a 14 hour shift outside.    ","      I love these. They are cute and very functional. I needed something to wear while hiking and working and these do the job!    ","      Muy bueno para hiking    ","      Fit perfectly and very comfortable.    ","      These boots are exactly what I expected! They're so comfortable compared to my Clark's hiking boots. And I can comfortably wear thick socks with them and I didn't have to size up from my regular size.    ","      Super comfortable - wore them all day for the first time and didn’t need any time to break them in. I wear them for commuting in bad weather and the grip is nice    ","      These shoes are so comfortable that they didn’t even require me to break them in. While hiking, I don’t feel like my feet are going to slide off any rocks anymore. My ankles are also well supported. I would highly recommend these shoes!    ","      Very well-made boot & lightweight. I love the boot but I have a very thin foot and it's a little roomy. Going hiking in a couple of days. Wore them today and they broke in pretty well and pretty easily    ","      I just bought them and intend to use them for hiking.  I tried them on and they fit just fine    ","      Light weight, comfy, waterproof and even a non-slip sole. Also so cute that they could be worn for any leisure activity besides hiking!    ","      I love everything about these boots! The traction is wonderful in snow, they keep my feet warm, they are super comfortable and true to size.Thank you Colombia!    ","      The reviews said they ran small so I ordered 1/2 size bigger than normal.  They were too big.  I am actually giving them to my daughter but I do plan to order another pair in my regular size for me.    ","      This is an excellent hiking shoe. I recommend them to others.    ","      Great shoes. Fit as expected and don't need to wear them in. Scratch that, maybe you would if you were hiking long distances. I wore them for the first time for 4 days straight at a music festival; no wear, no tear, no blisters.    ","      I bought these boots before my trip to Iceland in September. They're waterproof and comfotable, they keep the heat in so my toes didn't freeze.  They have a great grip on the bottom, ankle support and they're easy to clean.    ","      Most comfortable hiking boot I've owned.    ","      I finally wore out my last pair and was happy to be able to order the exact same thing because I have been so pleased with my first pair.  Definitely my go to boot/shoe. I find them very comfortable.    ","      Awesome for hiking and comfortable.    ","      They are a great looking boot and super lightweight.  They do run large for sure.  No need to size up.    ","      These are my first hiking boots ever and I’m in love! Hiking was so much easier and enjoyable with these light weight, water resistant boots. I was able to climb and step over rocks without the discomfort of feeling them through the soles of my tennis shoes. Definitely worth the price!    ","      I've had these boots for 2 years and hiked through New Zealand mountains in rain, dirt, and mud as well as New England local hikes. These boots have held up where well for the price and were waterproof tell now (put some work into them.) For the price, if you're asking for a waterproof and affordable hiking boots, these are it.    ","      Anti theft tag was left on the boots and I don't know how to remove it.    ","      My wife loves them.    ","      Needed the right color for work in all types weather slip resistant    ","      Hermosas    ","      Would have like more variety in colors    ","      my daughter said they fit until she started walking. she noticed that the crease as she stepped rubbed the top of her toes and it bothered her so we returned but they were otherwise great boots.    ","      I wanted to like this boot so much. It fit perfectly, it was cute, and it was comfortable.It has a major design flaw, however, and I am shocked that more people have not mentioned it. The hooks that hold the laces near the tops are far too deep, and even when you have laces in them they are deep enough to also catch the laces on your other boot. Within a few minutes of wearing these boots I nearly tripped and fell on my face, because the hook on the inside of my left boot had caught the laces on my right boot and \"tied\" my feet together. Maybe it's unlikely that it would happen again, but I cannot run the risk of hurting myself while hiking because of a design flaw like this.I ordered the Columbia Crestwood hiking boots and they do not have this problem, if you are still interested in a Columbia boot.    ","      I purchased these hiking boots for an upcoming trip to the Smoky Mtns. Last year, I learned a lesson; pruchase \"waterproof\" boots from a few little incidents that caused wet feet and misery! I have worn them around our farm to try out the fit, feel and to test just the level of waterproof protection, and so far they are awesome!    ","      I am pleasantly surprised to discover how well made, warm, and dry they are when water imis involved. I recommend them. Great value for price, workmanship, & quality.    ","      Great fit, well made, waterproof ....these boots feel great and didn’t require a break in period. Would highly recommend these boots.    ","      My husband bought the walking boots for Christmas. I just recieved them. I love them, plenty of toe room with my bunky socks.  Their also great lookin, I would recommend them    ","      This show is great fits perfect    ","      Parfait, comme sur la description    ","      Liked them. These are my second pair.    ","      Nice nice nice boots    ","      Based on a few reviews, I ordered a half size up, but ended up returning. The return process was super easy with Amazon Prime. I received my refund faster than expected. The new shoes came in and I couldn't be happier. The 7.5 fit perfect and I've taken them on several long walks. I'm planning 2 10mile hikes in the Grand Canyon and will update my review when I return.    ","      Love these boots! Be sure to break them in first before a long hike. Used them on my 3 day adventure to the Adirondacks. Made it through, mud, rocks, water, etc. Comfortable and good grip.    ","      I'm very happy with this shoe purchase. I wasn't sure how they'd be since I wouldn't have time to wear them in before my trip to iceland. I wore these while glacier hiking and spent a considerable amount of time outdoors walking around, etc for a week. They were extremely comfortable. I get plantar fascitis easily and my feet will throb at night when I'm laying down but I didn't have any pain and no blisters at all!    ","      I was a little apprehensive about ordering shoes this way but I must say these fit perfectly. Lightweight and comfortable, all in all a great experience.    ","      Bought these for work, kept my feet dry all day!    ","      Son muy cómodos y bonitos yo los uso para trabajar xq no resbalan son seguros    ","      I wanted to like these boots because I bought some even more horrific boots (more expensive) I have to return too... but I couldn't. Not sure how reviews are so good, but the fit is completely off. The top of the shoe folds down into the foot, creasing. I tried them with and without my orthotics, which usually work great in boots. Maybe they are too cheaply made (in China), bc it just feels exactly that.. CHEAP (And miraculously, the price is not...) I would give these a pass. I like a specific timberland boot that doesn't seem to come in black. Guess I know not to bother with Columbia boots... I'm willing to spend a little more for quality, but these are junk.    ","      These are my first pair of hiking boots, so I may not be an expert in this area, but I think these are great. They're incredibly comfortable, have solid ankle support, and my feet stayed a comfortable temperature for a 3.5 hour hike (and wearing them for the following 5 hours). I'd recommend these shoes to others looking for a low-cost but comfortable and reliable hiking boot.    ","      I grabbed these straight out of the box, put them on and spent the whole day walking around campus. The fit and feel are great. No need to break them in.    ","      Quedaron perfectas, muy cómodas para las caminatas y mi tour en las cuevas de Cuetzalan    ","      I have always worn a size 6.5 or 7 shoe. Ordered a 6.5 in these boots and they were almost a size too large; too big even with heavy socks. The boots seem sturdy, well made, and good looking for the reasonable price so I returned the first pair and am waiting for the smaller size to arrive.    ","      I really love these hiking boots. I bought them almost a year ago and I wear them every chance I get. They're still in great shape. They're a bit bulky in shape and size, but not overly heavy. Because I knew I would be wearing heavy socks with them, I chose a half-size larger, but I think my regular size would have been just fine.    ","      fit as stated, comfortable,  stylish and warm !!    ","      I use it for work where it is cold and wet place. It is really Warm & comfortable..    ","      I had bought these shoes 3 years ago and used them on the regular. They finally served their time. I bought a new pair and fell in love all over again.I lead Creek walks in an outdoor education program and my feet remain dry. They have great support while belaying in high rope course and great for hiking.    ","      Perfecto    ","      Hiked about 10 miles at the Rocky Mountains and I loved the comfort and support! No blisters for me to break them in. I got a half size up and it for perfect with enough space for thick socks or if your feet swell.    ","      I usually wear a 7.5 shoe and bought a 7.5 boot. It fits perfectly even with thick socks.  Comfortable from the first day of wear. I use them as a farm work boot not for hiking.    ","      I go on short hikes several times a week. I have now been wearing these boots for more than a year. They are comfortable (not too heavy) and they have held up very well. Also they keep my feet dry.  I enthusiastically recommend    ","      I brought a brown pair first and they are very comfortable then I saw the black pair and brought them. I have no regrets. Great for snow and ice.    ","      Size 8-1/2 fit perfect. Very comfortable hiking shoes.    ","      Love them good fit    ","      I've had these hiking boots for over a year. I've been backpacking the whole time that I've owned them.  I've worn them in different environments, and they can keep you warm, but not too hot, even when I was in Hawaii. They are in fact waterproof. I proudly trudge through puddles, and shallow bodies of water. Not a drop got through.These are very comfortable, and durable. There's a lot of life still left in them.    ","      My family and I are going to Costa Rica, and I needed hiking boots. The boots came in on time and fit perfectly, just the right amount of support without being too tight. Love them.    ","      Very comfortable as well as cute.  Better than I expected!    ","      I love these boots, what a game changer. I didn’t experience the uncomfortable bending at the toes like other customers.    ","      Excellent!!!  And truly is waterproof as I stood in a creek a bit higher than the ankle.  Definitely worth the money!    ","      I wore these right out of the box and had a little rubbing on the back of my ankle, but I had low cut socks on. After the first day they did not bother me at all. They had excellent traction and were very light.    ","      Fits great and comfortable    ","      They are really good looking but not comfortable. They hurt my feet at the top of the shoes really painful    ","      Boots are comfortable and affordable, and I was able to dye them to the exact color needed for my Ranger Academy. Far better than spending the $150+ on the NPS boots I needed    ","      I was actually pretty excited to get these hikers, they are comfortable. But not suited for hiking. Maybe walking trails. Be lucky to get these through one season. Not the best for the price. I am a 7 & ordered a 7. They fit true to size. Disappointed.Wouldn’t recommend for a real hiker.    ","      need betterarch support, i had to buy one separate but besides that all good    ","      These boots were comfortable and true to size.    ","      These boots were surprisingly comfortable. I wore them with fairly worn socks. I wasn’t cursing st the end of a 13 mile hike.  I would buy them again.  I wear a size 11.  The shoe was good width and length.    ","      Great shoe. Only complaint is that the toe box is a little small and puts pressure on my little toes. Would have been nice if they could have offered a wide size. We don't all have tiny Cinderella feet.    ","      De las mejores compras que he hecho por Amazon. Buscaba algo como principiante y creo que hice muy buena elección. Llegó en buenas condiciones y antes de tiempo esperado    ","      This boot runs a little on the narrow side. It's still comfortable, but if you want to wear heavy socks to keep your feet warmer, order a wide and a full size larger than you normally wear.    ","      It is well constructed but is lacking a good insole    ","      No dislikes    ","      love it, fits perfectly and totally changed the way I hike. LOVE LOVE LOVE    ","      I was a bit reluctant ordering these boots online. The great reviews were the deciding point for me. I've been hiking with them every day for about a week and absolutely love them. They've been comfortable from the very start and do a great job keeping out dirt and debris. Couldn't be happier.    ","      I wore these on a 5 .5 mile hike, no breaking in period necessary. Most people commented that the product ran small.. Normally I wear an 8, but in this shoe I was equally between 8 and 8.5, but with wool socks the 8.5 fit perfectly. I went through mud and incline and they held up very well.    ","      These are really nice boots.  The only issue is while hiking at any kind of angle, the leather creases and creates some discomfort, but on level ground, thats not noticeable.  Thats the only thing that keeps me from also getting them in brown.    ","      Really wanted to like these hiking boots - great grey color and they look smart and not bulky and fitted 1/2 size larger than my original shoe size. I had to return them, however, because with both thin or thick socks, when I walked, the crease on the top of the boot cut right into the top of my toe box. I have never, ever, had that issue with any other shoes/boots before. My feet are not wide, so I never ever have an issue with the toe box area in shoes. Other reviewers have also mentioned this recently, so I'm not sure if perhaps this is a bad batch.    ","      They are very light weight, stable for hiking and water resistant! I really like it!    ","      Tested it out for the first time in the snow. Kept my feet warm and didn't really matter that they are not broken in well, they still are very comfortable.    ","      Easy to wear, comfortable and hiking is a pleasure with these shoes    ","      I would have preferred eyelet holes rather than the riveted lace holders used.    ","      Good product with quality and color. Waterproof  is good as well. I satisfied except somewhat rigid and hard feelings, so my ankle blistered.  But with thick socks, then it's okay to me.    ","      Super comfortable    ","      Arrived fast...my daughter is in love with these boots    ","      The shoes are really nice, they are comfy, true to size and also they look good on you. Not heavy and perfect shape, they do not look big on you. Beautiful design too.    ","      LOVE these hiking boots, went on a 5 mile hike and I didn't need to break them in, my feet were fine at the end of the day. I hike in all conditions, snow, water, mud, and etc....works great on all types of terrain    ","      fit was a tiny big but the next size down would be too small. comfortable on the hike.  feet were fine when i pulled them off at the end of the day.    ","      They're cool looking, warm and supportive. They're a little firmer in the ankle area than is maybe ideal for me (I like some flexibility) but they're meant for ankle protection and I'm sure they do that well. I bought them to traverse the icy/snowy campus every day in the winter. We haven't had fresh snow since I bought them; I will write with updates for how they fare.    ","      Good shoe replaced shoelaces though    ","      I like the support this boot gives    ","      Very nice.  Fits perfect!!! Worth every penny...!    ","      I have wide feet and these are too narrow for me so I had to return them. They fit as expected otherwise.    ","      I had to order a half size larger than I usually wear in shoes. But the size that fit properly was great. Hiked 2 national parks. Highly recommend for adventure lovers.    ","      I ordered these boots and was expecting the usual Columbia quality.  However, they were kind of tight and the toe box could be a bit roomier.  I have always worn a woman's size 7 and these were snugger that what I expected.  Other than that, they are a great boot.  Easy to break in, good quality uppers and sole.  If I were to order them again I would probably go up a half a size.  I considered ordering them in a wider width, but they were only available in brown - and I really like the gray color.    ","      These shoes were one of the best purchases I've made on Amazon. They fit true to size and were incredibly comfortable. I wore them for the first time straight out of the box for a 6 hour hike in the mountains along the Italian Riviera and my feet did not hurt once. They are very sturdy and perfect for hiking.    ","      Waterproof & comfortable    ","      These boots are fantastic. I’ve hiked in them regularly since purchasing them 2 years ago and they havent failed me yet. I’ve climbed 14ers, crossed marshes, and done several winter trips in these, and they keep your feet perfectly dry and warm. Very durable. Great deal. Definitely going to purchase again!    ","      Great traction, extremely comfortable (don't pinch your toes), and water-resistant? Buy them. They survived hiking the Angel's Landing trail in Zion and never lost traction even on extremely steep inclines and icy slopes. 12/10 would recommend.    ","      LOVE LOVE LOVE THESE! I have done some serious hiking in these and they are everything I could ask for. First time I ever wore them was hiking through snow and my feet stayed dry and warm.    ","      Went hiking with them. I didn't think they would be the most reliable since it unexpectedly snowed. However, they went through the snow beautifully and are really comfortable. I was worried my fat toes would be tight so I got half a size larger. I also wore really warm thick socks. They were still extremely comfortable and have great support!    ","      Son cómodas y muy prácticas para practicar senderismo, me gustaron mucho.    ","      I like the two tones colors, very confortable to walk, even for long distances. I like that doesn’t have a seam on the sides because it usually breaks.    ","      Hiked up Cathedral Rock in Sedona and the South Kaibab trail at the Grand Canyon. The boots had great traction and provided the ankle support I needed for those crazy up and down hill trails.    ","      These are so comfortable.  I normally wear a 10,  but wanted a little extra room for winter socks so I ordered a 10.5.  I was a little nervous ordering larger, but they were the perfect size.  No pinching or ankle rubbing.  Lacing is a cinch.  They have great traction for snow for heading to town, errands and going up and down hills with firewood on icy terrain.  Waterproof and warm.    ","      I wore these shoes on hikes all over Iceland. They are waterproof, supportive, and keep your toes warm.    ","      Very stiff but at first but very good once broken in. Live in Colorado and has kept my feet very dry and warm during snowy hikes    ","      good fit right out of the box. A true 10.5 women's.    ","      I finally decided to buy these boots and they are totally worth it. I just walk through mud now. #HikingLife    ","      I use these to walk around the yard with my dogs. Bought them because of being waterproof. Fairly grippy on the bottom so I don't slide in the wet grass    ","      They fit perfectly and were comfortable  right out of the box . Walked around inside for a while then went outside  and did about 3 hours of farm chores . Very comfortable.    ","      They look and feel great!    ","      Decent boot for the cost. They fit perfectly but the longer I'm in them the less comfortable they become and I got blisters on the back heel.    ","      Theses were a gift for a teenage girl and........ she loves them.    ","      Great    ","      I found these boots stiff and uncomfortable, compared to my other hiking boots, so I sent them back (however, my husband loved the men's version)    ","      Like these. Haven’t worn them out yet, but they seemed a little bigger than my usual size 7s.    ","      I have huge feet. I am a size 10 and sometimes need wide. These boots are fairly narrow and would probably fit someone with lovely slender feet. If you have manly clown feet like me, look elsewhere.The look nice enough though. Seemed sturdy and my foot felt well insulated in them. Just too tight.    ","      have not had the opportunity to wear yettried them and like them    ","      0 arch support . otherwise ok. kind of a walmart quality to them. they are waterproof. after adding super feet supports they will work. A little wide.    ","      These boots are great! Bought them to go hiking and also for the snow. They don't need to be broken in and they're super comfortable. I love them so much I'm planning on wearing them exclusively when I go backpacking through Europe this year. They fit as expected. Also, they're not super ugly like most other hiking boots!    ","      Bought these for a weekend trip to Maine for hiking (wore them briefly before I went). Bought a 6, which is my usual size - they were a tad roomy, but it worked out well for slightly thicker socks. Never had any discomfort and so far they still appear to be very well made.    ","      By reading reviews, I purposely added a half size when ordering and am very glad I did.  Snug, takes a few uses to break in but solid and comfortable.  They're everything I was looking for.    ","      Excelentes, cómodos, me. Encantaron    ","      I wear these 6 days a week in the barn. I get them wet daily and they are holding up great. I have had them a few months now. SUPER COMFY    ","      When I got these, I thought I was getting a great deal on a great shoe. Sadly, though the price was right- but the boots weren't. I took them on a few hikes hoping to break them in, but they remained stiff as the first day I wore them. Took them on an overnight backpacking trip, and that's when I decided I was done with them. After a few miles my feet were killing me, even with my trusty Superfeet insoles, and having to hike the next day was brutal. I have narrow feet, and perhaps that has something to do with it, but I think the shoes are just stiff. Perhaps some people like this, but I didn't. Missed Amazon's 30 day return policy, and am now shopping for new boots.    ","      Like the fit. Wish there was more arch support.    ","      Comfortable and light.    ","      These boots keep my feet dry and warm while off-roading.  I am very impressed with these boots and would recommend them and buy them again.    ","      They are really comfortable, true to size & they look amazing. However, they are NOT waterproof. 10 mins into the snow and my toes were wet.    ","      These are perfect! I got them because my much more expensive Merells always give me blisters, but these fit perfectly and didn't need much breaking in. I've worn them through airports and through snowy glacial hikes, and they were great for both. If you're planning on wearing thick socks, consider getting a half size up from your usual.    ","      They were a gift they were pleased    ","      I wish i had time to order size up. Maybe next time.    ","      The fit of this shoe is more shoe than boot like. It is true to lenght and width, but pretty tight on the top. There was no room to fit my orthotics or just a pair of thicker socks. Ordering a size up wasn't an option either, since the length of this shoe was perfect for me. I guess it would have been an ok boot if used with thin socks and without any inserts. I am continuing to look for a waterproof hiking boot that can be worn with thicker socks.    ","      I looove my boots but I had to return them and re-purchase them because they run big. The bad part about that was that after I purchased them the first time the price shot up and I re-purchased them at a higher price. Amazon said there was nothing that could do about that. Pretty lame    ","      I wear them everyday    ","      Full comfort even on my first big hike wearing them straight out of the box!  Love them!    ","      These boots are amazing! I am alwas outside running around and these are perfict. They are completly water proof and have stayed in really good condition. They do take a wail to break in however which I didn't mind becuse that usually means they last longer. Absolutly amazing boots!    ","      Love these boots.    ","      Parfaites super confortable    ","      Love this Boot. Very Comfortable. Would buy this product again.    ","      My daughter wear’s 6 1/2 to 7 more often a 7  and size 7 was a perfect fit. She has sensitive feet and said these are amazing!! Loves them!    ","      I wear a 10 tennis shoe but this boot is too big about half a size. I also find that it's not very  comfy as I had hoped. And think that without a thick sock the back of the ankle will hit my leg and be uncomfortable also.    ","      Love this boot!!! Went for a 3 mile hike to break them in and just a little tight in the toe but overall no blisters and great support! Sleek look too.    ","      My feet usually fit with size 7.5-8. I read other reviews about this shoes and they said this shoe size is quite big compare to others. So I orders two sizes and my feet fit in size 7.5. I used it in my trip on snow and wet land. It was really great. I love it.    ","      These support your ankle well if you tie them up all the way to the top. They’re light and makes hiking way more fun. I went into like 2 inches of water and mud and dirt and nothing came in my shoe! I absolutely love them!    ","      Haven't worn these out hiking yet, but they do run a bit large - I ordered 8.5's and they will have plenty of room for a nice thick hiking sock. Have worn them around the house for a while and they seem nice - especially for the price!    ","      Love these boots! Put them on as soon as I received them and have been wearing them since. Dry, warm and comfortable! Great buy at this price.    ","      The length is great but the width is wider than a regular shoe.  I looked to see if maybe they sent me a wide width but did not. I lace them up because they are too wide and now I have pulled off one of the grommets by trying to get them tight.  Probably will not purchase again.    ","      Bought for my daughter to go hiking. She loves them. Great quality. She normally wears a size 6 if that helps.    ","      Awesome boot, great support on the ankles and very slip resistant. Didn't fully test out the water resistant properties but from the little bit of treading through mud and water, my feet stayed dry. As others have said, the toe box was a little big and you can feel the roominess but it didn't bother me at all.    ","      Très satisfaite    ","      They are super cute, comfortable and very nice quality.    ","      I love these boots! Fit comfy right from the box and proved definitely waterproof when hiking to Mt Mitchell in the rain.    ","      Confortable    ","      I was going to order a half size up since they are boots and I wanted to leave plenty of room to wear thick socks, but after reading everybody else's reviews I stuck with my typical tennis shoe size and the fit is perfect! Very comfortable and supportive, not too heavy.    ","      I wear these Newton Ridge almost daily at work in a casual work environment. They are very comfortable!  Feet stay warm under desk in cool office and in colder season!Have both colors.I run and have some knee issues with heels, so these are perfect!    ","      Ajusta perfecto    ","      Best pair of shoes I own by far! Got these right before a two week trip in Yellowstone and didn't even need breaking in. Tough as nails and feel as though you can climb any mountain or forge rivers in these! I am a size 8.5 purchased a 9 and they fit perfectly even with very thick socks.    ","      These boots are very comfortable and just perfect for light hiking.    ","      I have been looking for a nice looking but comfortable hiking boot. I have a double A foot and feared these would be too loose.  Much to my surprise, I can wear a good warm sock and my feet feel great.  No fear of unwanted blisters. Someone with a wider foot might need a different boot.    ","      I can honestly say these are super comfortable from the minute I put them on!  The leather is very soft, padded area around my ankle is a blessing!  They don't look klunky at all which was my fear.  I definitely would buy again.    ","      These are extremely comfortable!!  I bought a pair of Timberland boots and the Columbia boots are way more comfortable.  I am standing on my feet 90% of the time at work and really appreciate a good pair of work boots.    ","      Not as comfortable as the sketchers    ","      These boots are very comfortable.  I bought them 1/2 size bigger than my normal size and wore good wool socks.We went on a 4 mile hike in the mountains after only wearing them for half a day to break them in.  I had no blistersnor any sore spots.  My feet couldn't have been more comfortable.  Also, they are waterproof and I was impressedhow good the tread gripped on slippery surfaces.    ","      I ordered my usual size and they fit great even with thick socks! Super cute and nice support.    ","      Fits perfectly and wears comfortably right out of the box. Nice treading on the soles for great traction. Can't fully attest to their waterproof-ness just yet, but based on the puddles I've walked through so far, my feet are dry and happy. I'm very pleased with these boots, and hope they wear as wonderfully as they look!    ","      Love them    ","      They fit just as expected, are super comfortable and look very good.    ","      I am on the way to an outback trip in the Rockies and needed a rugged shoe.  My foot, however, is long and narrow.  While these are wider than I need, the length is good and they are very comfortable.    ","      Finally got to wear my new shoes today. Before ordering I read the reviews and hesitated before ordering because some people had problems with them hurting by rubbing their ankles and other problems. Wore them from 9am till 3pm and had no problems with discomfort. Glad I bought them.    ","      I just went on my first hike. It was only 5 miles but it was a good introductory hike with the shoes. They were awesome. I felt stable even when we were walking on rocks. They are a little longer than expected but I'm not worried about wearing thicker socks for when it's colder.    ","      Great  for hiking. Priced well    ","      They cute but made my feet sweat they never sweat and felt so heavy like I have to carry my feet haha over all the look is nice, but not comfy what so ever    ","      I bought this boot looking for something durable but not so bulky.  I LOVE that it is waterproof as well.  Major bonus.  For the price you cannot find a leather waterproof boot.  Being leather will take some breaking in but hopefully they will stand the test of time.    ","      I've had these for a few months now.  They've lasted for miles of hikes, but I wouldn't say they were the most comfortable.    ","      I wore these boots to Yosemite this weekend, and they were great. They kept my feet dry as I hiked up right alongside Vernal Falls and then down John Muir.  They were sturdy and did not let me down.    ","      I wear a size 11 usually but sometimes that can run too small so I ordered a 12 in these boots. They feel large and wide even after throwing in a pair of orthotics and heavy hiking socks. I kept them because there are limited boots available in a women's 11 or 12 but I'm not sure they'll be my \"favorites\" as a lot of other posts have indicated. I wore them on a rather limited hour plus hike this past weekend. I guess they were just \"ok\".    ","      I needed boots that gave me really good ankle support and I am loving them    ","      I love these boots. They feel good and kept my foot warm. I ordered to them go to Iceland and I didn't feel a thing and very comfortable.    ","      I absolutely love these boots. They're great work/hiking boots, they fit comfortably, not too hot in the warmer weather, and they're adorable. So far, they have proven to be waterproof.  I hope these last forever!    ","      I love these boots. I use them for yard work, fall fashion and protection. Looking forward to seeing how they perform in snow going to and from work.    ","      I love them .. I work 12-13 hours a day and when I go home my feet feel great ! They do still get wet .    ","      Love the look and comfort!  Great value!    ","      I haven't taken these bad boys out for a spin yet but they feel and look amazing! Opening the box I could smell the quality leather and they feel great on. They are slightly snug but not enough that I would recommend going a size up.    ","      Excelente    ","      Wore these shoes for a week hiking in Canada. They are adequately water proof and comfortable generally. However, I had the same problem in the toe box as many other reviewers mentioned—however, only in the left boot. During our second long hike, I began noticing a rubbing sensation to my second left toe as if a seam ran across the top. This persisted throughout the reminder of our hikes and I wound up with a blister that turned in to a sore. I’m not sure what I can do in the future to prevent this. The shoes are the correct size.    ","      I love these boots.  My only regret is not buying them sooner.  I love the fit, they are perfectly comfortable and didn't even need any breaking in.    ","      I needed hiking boots since the cheap ones I bought melted (yes - you read that right). These came promptly and fit wonderfully. I like wearing them for walks and going out into the country. They are super comfortable and, though they look like heavy boots, they are surprisingly light yet sturdy. They are easy to slip on and off and work very well in rainy, sub-freezing temperatures as well as for casual wear.    ","      Very happy, true to size, attractive and no issues with the toe box.    ","      This hiking boot is awesome. I walked rocky trail for at least 9 miles and I don’t have any blister. This shoes fits me perfectly.FYI: wear hiking socks feels a lot better than regular socks.    ","      I really like these boots. I have wide feet and bought these in a size 10 which fit perfectly. They don't hurt after long use but they are heavy. I will definitely buy another pair in the future.    ","      I have to put orthodics in the boots for arch support.  May have enough support for average arch height.  Comfortable.  I like that they are water proof.  Haven't tested yet.    ","      This is the second pair of Columbia shoes bought.  I normal wear 8.5 however, I ordered size 9 because I'm always wearing two pair of socks  so I did not want the boots to be to tide. Fits perfectly!!!  It is true to size. Product as described. Love it!    ","      love this shoes. Hike in them regularly with comfort    ","      These boots are awesome!  I wore them for the first time for over six hours in wet rough terrain.  They are very light weight with great traction.  My feet stayed completely dry.  I was very impressed and I would highly recommend these boots.    ","      Sturdy and protect my feet and keep them dry.    ","      Soooo comfy ..you would think being sturdy, it would be uncomfortable at first ..nope..has nice cushion on the inside..love them ..good ankle support    ","      Very comfortable and keep my feet warm. I don’t hike in them, I wear them to my kid’s hockey games.    ","      Wow I fricken love these!!!Comfortable and fit well!!    ","      these boots are awesome- first time wearing them out on the Billy Goat Trail (DC burbs) and they were excellent. I was worried they were going to be hot or too stiff bouncing around some rocks but they were just perfect. No blisters, no gross overheated feet.    ","      Haven't worn them yet but felt comfortable and correct size.    ","      I love these so much that I had to order another pair in a different color!!!  Sooo comfortable yet stylish at the same time!!    ","      I wear a 9 in every type of shoe. Fits true to size. Wearing them as I type this review.  Can’t wait to go hiking the Grand Canyon and Zion !!!    ","      I bought these hiking boots for my daughter who recently moved to the mountains to attend college.  She hikes almost every day and loves these boots.  Because she's clumsy and trips over thin air, I wanted something that provided ankle support.  I'll probably buy her another pair for Christmas.    ","      I have used them for mail walks with my city carriers and just recently used them on a trail walk. I have been very satisfied with these so far ..    ","      This is my second pair of Columbia boots, I ordered 1/2 down this time because the first pair eventually stretched, this pair fit my arch perfectly; they do have a wider foot bed so your toes aren't jammed against the front.  I don't leave home without them, my feet did not hurt and they are really comfortable to walk in with good traction; I only wish they were insulated so my feet would stay warmer!    ","      So comfortable Waterproof, repels rain and snow and grips well on all surface    ","      Recived a regular when i ordered a wide. But besides that the she fits very well.  Also when the sun hits the shoe it feels like its cooking my feet because they get very hot. Shoes are not breathable like described.    ","      I have flat feet and I’m standing all day for work. These shoes are very comfortable    ","      Absolutely worth it would totally recommend    ","      Satisfaite, chaussure confortable beau look.'  C' est la paire de hush puppies qui est trop étroite. Erreur, je donne 2 étoile pour les hush puppies.    ","      Great....    ","      My last boots were Columbia and I had them for years but my new boots are even better. They just fit and feel good! Thank you    ","      slightly bigger than expected but super comfy and provide great support.    ","      horrible foot bed. They need to take some lessons from Merrill shoes. Otherwise nicely made shoe. I returned it and bought Merrills.    ","      Good hiking shoes. Good grip on rocks and loose gravel. Good ankle support. Not heavy.    ","      I typically wear an 8.5-9 women’s and I went with the 9 and it fits perfectly! I am excited to try them out on Mount Hood during my honeymoon. Highly suggest these!    ","      The reviews I read led me to believe I needed to order a size larger which I did but they are a little too big even with thick hiking socks.    ","      I bought for my daughter. She loves them. Great condition for being “used”.    ","      Fits perfectly    ","      These are great shoes and were comfortable right out of the box. I have hiked all kinds of mountains with very rocky terrain and have had no blisters or sore feet.  They provide good ankle support and are waterproof.  I highly recommend these for the great price.    ","      Love them didn't even have to break them in    ","      GREAT boots. Super comfortable, seem durable, and look very nice. I walked in these for hours and my fit did not hurt in any capacity, which is rare for me. I am usually a 10 (sometimes a 10.5 in shoes that run smaller) and a 10 was perfect for me.    ","      Haven’t had much time for hiking but they seem good in back yard    ","      I would recommend buying a half size up.  I have to wear really thin socks with them or my toes go numb.  Other than that, I really like them.    ","      Great boot for the price.  Holding up well! Great for wooded trails.    ","      Columbia quality does not disappoint! He shoes are fits well as expected and are very comfortable. The sole is very solid, which is essential for walking on rocks and pointy places. I'm gonna double down as a pair of city snow boots in the winter. They look a bit more trendy than the rubbery snow boots.    ","      I'm not sure if this is made worse by the fact that I have skinny ankles (I'm 5' 5\", 115lbs), but I cannot get the tongues on these to stay closed!  I initially tried changing the laces to ones that I could pull tighter, then tried removing the foam from the tongue.  I eventually realized that the top eyelet for the laces is extremely low down on the shoe compared to other hiking boots!  (If you compare to the mens shoe, you will see what I mean!) It drives me nuts - I get everything in them from rocks to \"stickers\" to snow, which turns into a nice puddle in the bottom of my shoe!  It's a shame because they have great tread, no break in period and are extremely comfortable.  Again, I'm relatively small, but these are true to size for me.    ","      Love these shoes, I wear them all day, almost everyday at work and they are super comfy. I also use them for off trail hiking in the Alaska bush and they hold up great. The top of the toes are pretty marked up from kneeling, but that is just superficial, does not effect the performance at all. And for the price they are wonderful!    ","      Very comfortable shoe. True to size. I wear thicker socks with them just because it feels better.  I've hiked over 10 miles in them and love them. They are really good in mud and slick spots.    ","      I like the comfort of the boot overall. The design is nice, as well. The price was on point. Overall, I like the boots.    ","      I love hiking and I can honestly say they are the best hiking boots I have ever owned. They are comfortable, low-maintenance and look so good! I got them for just a bit over $50... such a good bargain. Completely recommended.    ","      I said I could wear them all day because I have been breaking them in before my hike.  I have not worn them on a hike yet so really can't say how comfortable they will feel. So far I really like them.  I've been wearing them out in the rain and the slush just to see if they leak and so far I'm dry and warm.    ","      I bought these boots right before some serious hiking in West Virginia. I never needed to break them in and they never gave me blisters. Also, even hiking through a foot of snow, these boots kept my feet extremely warm (and usually my feet always get cold)    ","      I waited two weeks before posting my review to be certain there were no issues.  These boots are very comfortable, and best of all, they truly are waterproof!!!  So many claim to be an are not . . . but these definitely are.  I've walked 12 miles on early morning and dewy grass, and my feet have stayed dry.  I would recommend these boots.    ","      My daughter wears this for climbing in the Adirondacks. They are tough and comfortable as well as nice looking! They grip just enough to allow for gripping on smooth rocks without sticking. Great boot for hiking.    ","      These made my feet a little sore, but are still excellent boots. I've used them for environmental cleanups and hiking in Alaska, so far.    ","      Kept my feet dry and comfortable while walking through standing water and slogging through mud at a Petit LeMans race. We gave up on trying to walk around the track and ended up standing in the bar for several hours. Standing and dancing in the bar were just as comfortable as taking hills and crossing mud streams in the rain. Highly recommended.    ","      Great for work    ","      Wouldn't recommend it for hikes longer than 8 hours. It's not water proof, but it is water resistant.  Comfortable and looks great with most colors.  I wear a 7.5 in Nike and Adidas running shoes, I purchased 7.5 for these shoes. I can wear compression socks with normal gym socks under them and the boots will still fit.    ","      I have always ordered the men's version of this boot. My size was not available, so I ordered the womens. I did have to return them to go up a size. They were tight at first, but they are working out to fit just right. I really like the Newton Ridge boot since I need to wear them all day at work and they are comfortable.    ","      I've used this product before when I bought it at an Columbia outlet years back. Got a new pair for my wife and I for an upcoming trip. Decided to buy online after I checked the price at a sporting store, I usually just buy there if I try there, but the price was over 50% higher. Can't afford it these days. The shoe was great for the trip. Love the fact that it's water proof.    ","      My wife is in love with this shoe. It supports her ankles wonderfully and the sole has a very good grip-tred.    ","      A shoelace hook on the left foot broke off after the 5th wear! Don’t recommend.    ","      I’m usually a size 8 but I purchased a 8 1/2.I have wide feet    ","      These are really nice hiking boots. I put a couple coats of waterproof silicone on them for extra coverage. Have hiked several long hikes and they are comfortable.    ","      Takes a few days to break in, but feels good after that. Just be sure to carry a few bandaids with you the first day you wear them, and pay attention to spots where they rub. Once those are covered, you're good to go. I'm quite pleased.    ","      I received a pair of these boots in the past and loved them!  When I got this pair I wasn't disappointed. They are a little stiff to begin with, but formed to my feet perfectly, and are very comfortable.    ","      Fits well, comfortable for a few hours but will require a supportive insert for multi-day trips.    ","      Super comfortable! I didn't even need to break these in when I took them for a 7 mile hike outside of Portland, Oregon. I can't wait for the weather to get warmer so I can test these out in New York!    ","      Good sizing not too tight.  Can't wait to try them out on hikes. Book    ","      Well I'm never taking these things off my feet, wore them all day the first day I got them and they're so comfortable. Honestly I love the way they feel the support they give and the feeling that you could climb mountains in them.    ","      I really liked the look of the boot and wanted it to work.  Unfortunately it was too narrow for me and I would be unable to wear winter socks.  I had to return them.    ","      Love these boots. I don't hike often, but wanted these for the times I do! I also can use them at work and during inclement weather.    ","      Good fit.    ","      There were several reviews about the toe area pressing down when you walked. It seemed to be the case with mine as well. Unfortunate, but maybe others will be luckier.    ","      Very happy. My first hike with them was in a rock field and I should’ve had them scuffed so many times, but they didn’t get scuffed at all.    ","      runs a little narrow, but these were for my daughter who has smaller feet (width wise) than me.  She wore them immediately for a 6 mile hike and had no complaints about her  feet.    ","      A little loose with my hiking socks but honestly they were still super comfy! Only taken them on short hikes so far but they are awesome!    ","      I saw customers posted pictures of these in Utah. I was looking for hiking shoes for my Utah trip and bought these. Best decision ever, good ankle support, amazing grip and light weight. Can’t go wrong with these shoes ever.    ","      Bought these boots as a replacement to an identical pair of Colombia boots that I  have worn daily for work (in a very large outside garden department) for a year and a half.  These boots offer excellent foot cushioning and ankle support and after working all day wearing them I don't feel like my feet are going to fall off, I will purchase these again as needed.    ","      I love these hiking boots. Wore the all day for full day of hiking. They are so comfortable, especially paired with wool socks. I even wore the for a 3 hour glacier hike, which we had to add crampons onto our shoes - still super comfortable and my feet were completely dry. Great purchase especially for the price.    ","      I am a size 8 so I purchased a 8.5 but it was still a little tide around my toes.    ","      Great    ","      This is a great show.  It did not take long to break in and once broken in was very comfortable.    ","      A very light weight and comfortable boot. However, it doesn't hold up in my line of work, greenhouse nursery, where it's exposed to lots of moisture on a daily basis. The glue on the sides at the bottom is coming loose and I don't expect I'll get much more than 6 months use out of these boots. However, I have very sensitive feet and it's difficult for me to find any shoe that doesn't hurt. So for the price and comfort they're worth purchasing again.    ","      Great boot for the price. Comfortable foot bed!    ","      First pair of serious hiking boots. They have awesome support and are comfortable, not too heavy but thick enough to feel legit    ","      I wear a 9, but sometimes need a 9-1/2 depending on style.  I ordered the 9 & it fits beautifully.  Comfy and waterproof.    ","      There's nothing special about these for me. The fit is a little big and the ankle support just rubbed blisters onto me. I don't like how wide the bottoms are; I kept catching the toe on rocks and such that I was stepping on/over because they have such a larger footprint than other shoes I've had. 2 stars because they do seem very durable, but I won't find out because I'll definitely be getting rid of them.    ","      I really wanted to like these boots. They look great. The inside is comfortable. But the walking part (the biggest thing) hurts because of the toe bends! Ugh I read the reviews but I thought maybe I wouldn’t experience it but I did right off the bat. Just walking around my kitchen, it bends every time. I can’t imagine hiking like this. I’m sorry but will be returning. Look wise though, it’s awesome. And they’re light.    ","      I am very happy with this hiking shoes.  I wore it for my visit in April to Bryce Canyon and Zion National parks.  They are very light, comfortable.  Although it looks very slim for hiking shoes, it feels very comfortable.  Reasonable price, good looking and comfortable fit.  Highly recommend.    ","      These run true to size and have a comfortable toe box while at the same time holding my very narrow heel. I've worn a gray pair of these for about 8 months before finding the brown. I love these shoes and feel very secure and well balanced. I do use a different insole as I have fallen arches but no problem there either. Highly recommend and can't beat the price.    ","      Good fit shoe for my wife    ","      Comfortable and waterproof    ","      I love this boots! So light and soft and comfortable !    ","      Ordered my normal size (7womens) and shoe was too large. Might have been able to wear thicker socks to wear them but I also had the problem mentioned in other comments. when kneeling down the crease on the top part of the shoe was like hard plastic digging into the top of my foot. It hurt to the point where I wouldn't even be able to break them in. I work outside a lot and am constantly kneeling. No way I could have worn these for even one day even if they did fit. It was that bad.    ","      Fits well around foot and waterproof BUT the closure around the ankle does not hold secure. Almost like the tongue is to narrow and the laces can not be tightened enough to.feel like the boot it snug.    ","      I should have listened to other reviews. I have always worn a 9.5 shoe. I purchased this in 9.5 and when I tried them on it felt too large in the toe area and had a very uncomfortable bend right across my toes when I walked. If I would have walked a long period of time in these it would have rubbed so uncomfortably across my toes that no doubt it would have left a mark or blister. I did like the colors and the high ankle support. The fit was just off for me.    ","      It is comfortable and really waterproof. I used these boots for hikes in my last trip, and I just a problem in 1 day: the leather was folding in a position that was hurting an area close to the nail of my big toe. But it happened just once, and than everything worked fine.I recommend it!    ","      Definitely perfect for hiking or walking in our farm pastures. Breathable.  Only dislike is the padded tongue wants to bow out instead of laying flat when laced.    ","      Las compré por que las exigen en mi trabajo, pero las puedo usar en cualquier momento con unos Jeans,  se ven genial.    ","      Exactly as described.    ","      I love it and the material is greatI really love the color of my boots    ","      I purchased these books for my significant other who has weak ankles in order to wear during hiking trips to the Grand Canyon and Arches Nation Park.  Each time she wears them, they are so poorly designed they cause her blisters that have bled.  We went for a short practice hike of 2 miles and by the end she could barely walk.  The seam on the top of the ball of the foot does not properly flex with your foot when you walk, causing it to roughly rub the top of your foot raw with blisters. I regret buying these boots and wish I had discovered their design flaws before the window of return was available.  Please do not make the mistake we made and find some boots that are designed to fit a human foot.    ","      I like them I bought them for work, I'm on a concrete floor all day. they are very comfortable and I didn't need to break them in.    ","      They are a little narrow for my wide feet and I have high arches so I put in some insoles for additional arch support. Very comfortable and don'trequire too much break-in. My last pair lasted almost 10 years with regular use.    ","      I've only been using these for a couple of weeks, but works on every terrain I've tried. Snow, sand, rocks, even on a rainy day in Portland,OR. :) Durable, comfortable, and keeps my feet dry. I didn't even have to break them in.    ","      It’s lightweight and very comfortable from the first day of wear!    ","      just got the wrong size    ","      Got these for my wife and she loves them. She wears them sweeping snow off the sidewalks and shopping and running erands too. She says they look good and stylish too. And she says she gets lots of compliments from other women too. I might have to buy her another pair soon . I think she is going to wear them out. She has them on so much.    ","      I love these boots. I have flat feet and have a difficult time finding shoes to fit properly. These are great. I wear them all day.    ","      A very well made and rugged boot, went allover Ireland and Scotland on vacation total comfort and they were brand new received them a day before I left.    ","      Son perfectas    ","      This is my first hiking shoes and when I wore it this is Awesome very confirmable and good for price.    ","      Loved these boots. Wore these while hiking camelback mountain and exploring the Grand Canyon. They held up great and were super comfortable. I am usually a size 7, I got a half size bigger 7.5 with socks that are a little thicker they fit great and were comfortable.    ","      This shoe is perfect-as long as you break them in well before a big hike! They got me through 19 miles in Grand Canyon with zero blisters.    ","      Fit as expected    ","      Great Winter boots    ","      Light weight.  Ease of slipping on.  Warm.  Water resistant.  Perfect for hiking or everyday use.    ","      I wore it on a 2 hours hike on the mountain when I first got it. It protects my ankle very well and fits comfortably. I got compliments on them because they look nice too :)    ","      The shoe was a little stiff getting into it but as room as I wore them for a few hours they formed right to my fit. Big love!    ","      Excellent. Fit as expected    ","      I had them for a while. I love the convenience of throwing them on to run errands    ","      I've had these boots for more than 6 months now and they are very durable. I've already traveled through rainforests in Costa Rica in them both high lands and low lands and never had an issue with them. Easy to clean and fit just as expected. Ordered a 9 because I knew that for boots or tennis must order half size up so I did and fits great.    ","      Love these hiking shoes.  Lightweight, comfortable and easy to clean.    ","      Lightweight but sturdy    ","      Bought for my wife she loves them    ","      It is what i was expecting    ","      Excellent water resistance and traction for regular hiking    ","      They seem super nice, but I unfortunately had to return. Size 7 (US) is size 37 (Eu) for any shoe producer, except this one :( size 7 is the equivalent to 38 for them    ","      OMG, I love these boots. They looked great on my feet and with my clothes. Everyone loved them. They were comfortable and made hiking easy. When it rained I did feel like my feet felt wet but didn't stay in the rain long. Will have to look for weather proof spray.    ","      Incredibly comfortable, water proof, and quick to dry. My toes didn't freeze either. I bought these before doing a section of the AT and I didn't even need to break them in.    ","      Good boot! No complaints!    ","      I bought these for my adventurous trip to Iceland. I was NOT disappointed. Very sturdy, and fit as expected. Thank you!    ","      Amazing boots!  Took a bit of time to break them in completly, but a few hikes in and they're already feeling quite comfortable.  Highly recommended!    ","      I wear boots for my line of work for the past 22 years, always difficult for me to find comfortable boots, I decided to give these a try, wow, light, comfy and durable. I always have pain in my feet from those heavy boot like red wing or reebok, but I found my match... Wooo hooo, happy feet is an aewsome thing. :)    ","      Somebody said they were hot.  They are boots, not sandals.  Not slippery on a steep climb.  very comfortable, good looking boot.    ","      These boots do not have enough padding around the ankles.  The lack of padding and the seam at the ankle on the inside of the boot makes my ankle sore after only 5 minutes of wearing, so I think it would feel very uncomfortable during a hike.  There are plenty of boots out there with more padding around the ankle if you are willing to spend a bit more.  Other than the ankle issue, the boots are reasonably comfortable.    ","      It's probably good shoes, but it didn't fit well, definitely too large, size chart is not well done. I did try it after all, in smaller in a shop, but it's not a comfortable walking shoes and provoke pain on your big toes right away.    ","      I tried to buy cheap hiking boots on a 25 mile hike and I paid for it with blisters. But these shoes are amazing! They fit very true to size. Super comfortable and very durable for any terrain!    ","      The fit is perfect! They are the most comfortable hiking boot I have ever worn.    ","      good product    ","      They were comfortable to wear hiking and walking around in.    ","      Great    ","      Every step I took, the leather bent and hit my bug toe. I took 5 steps and had to take them off. Extremely uncomfrotable. Had they not done this, then I would have kept them. I liked everything about them but could not stand to get my big toe beat up every step I took    ","      So far I have hiked about 15 miles in 2 hikes and my feet stay dry, warm and haven't hurt.    ","      Fit exactly as expected! Light weight sturdy shoe    ","      Fits true to size and are very comfortable.    ","      I ordered them half size bigger so i would be able to use them with a think sock ... Usually my shoes arent that much of a difference when they half size bigger, but in this boots you can see rhe difference... I still love that they arent heavy and they look good    ","      Us these a few days a week to work at our animal shelter. Great with lots of walking in cemenet and hikes with the dogs outside!    ","      Bought these because the last time I went hiking in running shoes, my ankle gave out and I ate dirt. These have great grip, even in wet environments, and are probably the most attractive pair of protective hiking boots I've seen. Or least fashionably offensive (ha). They're my first pair of hiking boots and once (if ever) I wear them out I'll probably repurchase these.    ","      I have had a hard time finding hiking boots I like...I mainly wear for casual wear in the winter.  These fit great right out of the box    ","      Wore them today for the first time on a moderate hike and loved them! Helped me keep my balance and provided stability around my ankles. I highly recommend them. They fit as expected.    ","      Great hiking shoes for the price. I’ve wore them a few times not and they are still intact and waterproof.    ","      Very comfortable but one boot started to leak after 6 months of heavy wear    ","      Love these boots was timid on buying cause not a big fan of boots on ankles but to my surprise they are very comfortable!    ","      Son cómodas, de inmediato que llegaron las use, se sienten comidas, ajustan bien a los pies, buena compra relación precio, fácil de limpiar!!    ","      Loved the boots! Use it in Iceland and it was perfect. Not super waterproof but it kept my feet warm enough?    ","      Like all the other reviews, the toe box pinches at the top but it went away after one day or hiking. Now they’re extremely comfy!    ","      These shoes are amazing! I did 8 miles of hiking through Arkansas yesterday and these shoes did so well for me! I can’t wait to wear them when I go hiking in Colorado!    ","      Love these! I'll need to break them in a little, they seem to rub the backs of my ankles a bit, but overall a good boot.    ","      I wear a size 9 in most all boots and shoes, but these were 2 inches to long. They are Very light with no inside padding.  Just not what I expected.    ","      Marcher avec le chien dans le bois    ","      Attractive shoe; was concerned about support, but the shoe is firm.    ","      I spent allot of time researching what hiking boots to get and decided on these.  I just got them and am so pleased! They fit wonderfully, are true to size and are so comfortable!  Even though they are hiking boots I know I'll wear these as one of my favorite casual shoes.  A definite five stars for the product and quick delivery!    ","      Lovin' these boots! the base is solid. Even the toe area is solid. Nice colour! Very light :) i love them!    ","      I've worn these hiking several times so far and they are very comfortable. I wore them in the rain as well last week and they've held up just fine. They never make my feet sore and they seem like they will last a very long time.  Added bonus is how nice they look!    ","      I'm a size 11 but i ordered a size 12 to give me some extra room for my thick soaks. I order these boots since i went on a hiking trip in December and there were snow.    ","      Good fit    ","      This is my second pair. The first pair is still usable, but I really didn't take proper care of them and used them working in a blueberry field. The first pair is now my working ones and these will be more for \"dress\".    ","      Love the fact that the boot is so light on the foot, makes for easier walking!    ","      Great boots, waterproof for sure. But where the toe bends it is a bit painful and took some time to break in.    ","      Light weight, nice quality, smart look, comfortable design and firm grip. It is value for the price.    ","      Bought these one size larger than I usually buy and they fit perfectly. Bought a pair of Columbia winter boots last year and ordered them exact size i wear and they were a little tight so i ordered these one size larger. Theyre a perfect fit and I love them! Very comfortable and warm!!    ","      Love them! Fit exactly my size. I had been wanting hiking boots, need them for a costume party and wore them for several hours walking around. Very comfortable and looking forward to using them for their appropriate purpose!    ","      El artículo es muy bueno, y de muy buena calidad. Solamente me quedó grande, aún pidiendo mi número habitual.    ","      These do run big. Usually a 8.5 but went with an 8 and wore thick hiking socks. Love them!    ","      The shoe was a perfect fit for my wife and of the quality we’ve come to expect from Columbia.    ","      These shoes are very comfortable and just what I was needing for small trail hikes. They broke in very easy and are very comfortable and light weight. They are pretty true to size, was going to go a little big for socks but glad I didn't.    ","      My wife finds this shoe comfortable for hikes, it’s lightweight compared to other hiking shoes and fits perfectly for her.    ","      LOVE LOVE LOVE these boots! They fit well and didn't hurt to break in. I wore them for 5 days straight 10 hours a day without blisters. Traction was very good.    ","      There is a small issue with the toe box area, it bends and hits tops of the toes, but only on the left. I am breaking them in so we'll see if that works. nice boots though.    ","      Wore these an entire day the first time out of the box. They run true to size. I work in an office but do outside site visits also. They have great traction and are warm and stayed dry. Look more like a casual shoe and I love that about them!! We are in northern Indiana and it has been in the teens!! My feet remained warm all day!    ","      This boot is amazing for what I use them for. I work at UPS and they feel amazing, very comfortable!.    ","      Walked around all day and they were very comfy, no rubbing anywhere ,happy to say no blisters    ","      Love the slimmer style. Not super bulky which I love. True to size and super cute!    ","      Ordered for a friend she loved them even shipped early    ","      1st time ordering these boots, have had Columbia light trail shoes before so know the brand.  I have worn them for 2 days, all day and find them very comfortable. I wear them with a med sock and that works fine. Live in a rural area on 10 acres and walk those acres everyday with my labs. Would not hesitate to recommend them.    ","      Comfortable fit.  Wore them all day and legs/feet never got tired. Also kept feet dry in light rain.  Good value    ","      Very comfortable    ","      I used these to hike in Alaska and they were amazing-my feet stayed warm and dry the whole time. My mom and sister in law are both now planning to buy them.    ","      These are very comfortable. True to size. I generally wear a 9. Ordered a 9 and they fit perfect.    ","      Across the toe area when the toes bend when taking a step, the creased area is hard and pinches the toes across the top of the toes. Very hard and uncomfortable.    ","      I like these boots for the fit. And I think they'll work fine for wearing in the snow and light walking. However, when walking, the bend of the toe box hits the top of my foot and causes some discomfort.  I don't think it will be a problem for the amount of walking  I'll be doing in them. But I definitely won't be doing any serious hiking in them.    ","      Great boots! I purchased them last minute for a trip to Colorado. They came quickly and held up nicely on our hikes.    ","      Purchased to wear in Iceland for hiking.  Kept feet warm and dry. Fit to size. Loved them.    ","      Amazing. Best shoes I’ve worn to hike.    ","      Works great and fairly comfortable    ","      Very comfortable    ","      Perfect for trekking around Iceland!    ","      these boots were great! i used them for Humphrey's Peak and the were very comfortable. i bought them a half size up and they fit my foot perfectly. if you're looking to buy these go a half size up.    ","      I've never had issues with the Columbia brand and thought these would be great for hiking the local trails. That said, when walking the boots crease over your toes and really dig in although they seem to fit initially; they weren't tight or small but painful when walking. Thinking I just needed to break them in, I tried them out a few times but ended up returning them because I couldn't imagine walking in them anymore.    ","      I like the product very much, but I have ordered wrong size. I would like to exchange my product.    ","      Me quedaron muy bien son comodisimas y las he usado para estsr de pie por mas de 12 hrs.    ","      Seems sturdy, but it doesn't have the arch support I was hoping for. Also, it came with two different size shoe laces. One is long enough to tie and normal, but the other one was only long enough to tie in a knot. Super weird that there's a good 8in difference*Edited!After about 6 months of use I'm editing my review and removing a star. Even though I'm wearing the proper size, the heel of the boot has worn down completely and is now rubbing and causing blisters. I expected better from the padding.    ","      Be aware the fit runs a little big    ","      Great shoes but the front of the shoe creases in an odd way every time I take a step. It digs into my toes a little but doesn't hurt too bad. Minor inconvenience.    ","      These hiking boots are exactly what I was looking for. They are perfect and I'm completely satisfied.    ","      Perfect fit.    ","      It is slightly small for the size but not overall uncomfortable. We did several hikes on yellowstone and rockies no major issue.    ","      Waterproof,  comfy, durable...what more could you ask for! Have worn these while working with and riding my horse in all kids of weather and muck. The owner of my stable bought a pair and is just as thrilled. Don't have to pay the big bucks for those Ariat boots which self destruct at the seams in no time. Yea!    ","      These are my favorite shoes. I wear them daily and they’re wonderful in every way. Great price for real Columbia shoes!    ","      Very comfortable for long walks. Ordered a half size up and they fit great.    ","      Excellent, sturdy shoe. Great quality. A job to hike in. Definitely take the time needed to break them in appropriately.    ","      I’ve been wearing them for over a month and I feel like I been wear them for years there so nice and comfortable I wish I would of bought them years ago they help my walk    ","      I'm not really outdoorsy so I wanted to grab a quick and cheap (relative to other boots) pair to do the job but I think these will last me the rest of my life because they're so nice!    ","      Love them. Nice quality.    ","      My daughter works as a guide at Red Mountain Park. She does hiking anf zip line tours. She loves these boots and wants another pair.    ","      I like it. So confortable. Right fit    ","      LOVE these boots. If they ever get worn enough that I need another pair (which I doubt they will), I would buy the same exact pair all over again. I've worn them hiking all over the place and they're extremely comfortable.    ","      Love the fact that I did not have to break in the boots.  Comfortable for hiking and walking.  Super happy!    ","      Although I’m sure these are really nice boots the pair I purchased looked as though they had been worn and returned. I’ve ever encountered this before I decided since I had paid so much for them and they seemed to run big and were too big for me I decided to return them. I’m sure they are perfectly wonderful boots but I was a little disappointed considering how they arrived.    ","      I will use it for hiking.    ","      Columbia footwear never disappoints.  Size is always on the mark and the rugged durability is excellent!!    ","      After about mile 6 or 7 of a 10 mile hike, the toenails on my big toes seemed to be becoming bruised.  Not on the ends, the shoe was plenty big enough, but on the top sides of the nail.  I believe this is due to the \"toe crease\" others have complained about.  Not sure if \"breaking in\" will help or not, but I will probably end up getting something different.    ","      Good fit    ","      Seems to be a reoccurring issue with the toe crease. I'm a true size 9 and they seem to be a little big. Even just trying them on in my house I could tell where the shoe creases over my toes would be a huge problem if I ever went for a real hike. It was painful from the get go. Considered sizing down to 8.5 but after reading further reviews I'll just try a different boot.    ","      I'm really pleased with the shoes. They fit me extremely well. I have not yet worn them on a hike. However, I have worn them around the house and they did not rub me anywhere. I recommend this product and would plan to buy them again in the future.    ","      Comfortable out of the box. Wore them non stop from the moment I put them on.    ","      I got them for walking my dog. They’re great. No more wet socks!    ","      I needed a weatherproof boot that I could wear all day. These are perfect, lightweight, stylish, and comfortable.    ","      warm and waterproof.  Used in Iceland and never had cold or wet feet    ","      these fit just as expected. I just received them so I haven't really worn them out yet, but I hope they are as good as they look!    ","      I chose this boot because I wanted something neutral.  The boot fits comfortable and fit nicely around the ankle just I expected.  The foot bed is spongy and comfortable to wear all the time.  Would purchase again.    ","      It’s perfect to work !!    ","      I was wary of buying hiking boots online but these turned out to be very comfortable and fit surprisingly well. The inner sole is cushier than I expected, which is nice. I've been able to wear them all day and have no problems with aching feet.    ","      I had to return my usual size for 1/2 size bigger which was a perfect fit.    ","      I love the comfort of these boots....I use them for work, so the durability is great...    ","      I love this boot, but after two months am disappointed.  I work in a big box store and have been wearing Columbia boots for years. They provide excellent foot protection and support.  These were doing great, until month number two. The sole is coming off of the shoe. There should be at least a 6 month period before anything like this happens. I have never had this issue with any previously owned Columbia boots. Not happy.☹    ","      Wore them trekkng in Iceland and they fit the bill.  Just a little cold in ice cave.    ","      Extremely comfortable boots that fit as expected!I bought them for my trekking days, but they are so comfy that i wear them at work too.I would definitely recomend this ítem.    ","      I really liked these but two of the metal latches to complete lacing and tying your shoe that are the top two spots for laces... they already broke/fell off within first month which makes me question the quality of construction    ","      They look and feel great. I wear these for camping and hiking. Very pleased with boots that are not overpriced.    ","      They are kind of painful to break in. Good durability though.    ","      I wear a size 11. Got the same size and it fits well. Currently breaking them in for Iceland!    ","      Excellent value for the product. I used these on a recent trip to the Faroe Islands and they were comfortable, waterproof and perfect for the climate. I looked into so many other boots and these were so great for the price. I would recommend them to anyone.    ","      Wore these while hiking through the mountains in Monte Verde, Costa Rica during the rainy season (in October). They fit perfectly. Didn't slip once. And after a couple of days of walking, my feet felt totally fine. Plus, they're also cute :)    ","      Love these boots, already walked almost 300km in them and they’re going strong    ","      Me encantó el producto, son cómodos y súper frescos, no me los quitos, lo recomiendo ampliamente    ","      Gr8    ","      Great!!    ","      They feel great! They look great on me, with whatever I wear (whether it's jeans or tights or hiking pants)! They are sturdy when I go hiking. They feel comfortable even at the end of a long hiking day.    ","      I love these! They keep my feet dry and aren’t too bulky compared to other shoes. I’m happy to have a pair of shoes I can wear in both summer and winter.    ","      Im a big nature bunny and they fit perfectly. I took them with me on my trip to Iceland and many other hikes. If you are a hiker i highly recommend them. Not only are they very comfortable but they are stylish as well.    ","      Loved these boots! Did a 6 mile hike without even breaking them in and no blisters! Would highly recommend.    ","      These boots are light-weight and comfortable.  They have good supports.  Fit as expected.  The cuff of the boots feels comfortable even when wearing short socks.    ","      The boots pinch the top of my big toes where they bend as I step. I was hopeful that with wear that I will be able to break them in, but after using them daily for 4 days straight for a fairly flat 1.5 mile walk, I am doubtful. I have made adjustments by waring heavier socks and shifting my foot in the front of the boot as much as possible, and that has helped, but they still aren't what I would call comfortable. It's a shame because they look great and seem very durable. It's just a poor design! I'll have to keep them because I have used them,so I'll revise this review if they do indeed become more comfortable.    ","      They fit true to size but very hard and need brake in period .I did not wanted to see if they get more comfortable and just returned them .    ","      I had a pair of columbia boots I bought over ten years ago that I wore off and on, very comfortable and rugged, but they finally fell apart in hikes in colorado mountains. So I needed a new pair and thought again to columbia. Sadly this hiking boot was more like a pair of tennis shoes - both in style, fit and sole. It was light weight but not at all nice, tight in toe box and nothing like I expected of a hiking boot (I needed something for my winter trip to new zealand). So I returned them and got another brand. Shame, I guess columbia products have changed in all this time or maybe given all the positive reviews, this shoe is best for good weather short walks.    ","      Love this boot. Fits perfectly.  Great for hiking.    ","      PERFECT fit; I am very happy with this purchase.  Great price too!  The only reason they get 4 stars is because of the tongues of the shoes; one really has to work to get them to lay flat.    ","      They are still very stiff after a week, I've been slowly trying to break them in.    ","      Great hiking boot.  Exactly as advertised. Good price as well.    ","      The quality of the product is excellent, but they are small!    ","      This is my second pair of Columbia Hiking Shoes and I love it so much.    ","      Love it...    ","      Great hiking boots    ","      I wear a narrow shoe and these do not slip on my heel!  Love them!    ","      Love, love, love them!  Perfect fit!  My feet are slightly wide but wide fit are too wide and some average size are too narrow. These are perfect!!!!  Great ankle support without being too stiff, and the perfect amount of medium arch support.    ","      WOhooo- I got the best boots ever- I was not expecting the quality would be so good as the price was relatively cheaper than others. But, they are perfect. Btw, I got my usual size (7) and they fit perfect.    ","      I received my shoes today and I was planning on using them on a trip in two days. Imagine my surprise when I go to try them on there’s no cushion only hard board. Not really sure what I am going to do now.    ","      I am very pleased with my hiking boots :) the fit was perfect. I have replaced the newton ridge 2 which became my best friends with the newton ridge plus and are expecting the same great results from them. I hiked the camino in Spain and have done many a mile in them. They where definetily waterproof and comfortable.    ","      I liked how lightweight they are. They are thick. good grip.    ","      most comfortable hiking boots ever!!! can wear all day and are waterproof!!!!    ","      They fit perfectly. There was no breaking in period. They were comfortable from the first time I put them on. Love them!    ","      These shoes were purchased as a gift and they have really small feet and I was so excited to get these and they worked out for such a great price.    ","      Very good quality.  Would like a little bigger toe box to have more room for a heavy sock and provide all day comfort.  Stood up well to some serious walking.    ","      Wore these recently on a trip to Switzerland.  Comfy, warm, and kept me dry!    ","      I like that they are waterproof and were comfortable from my first walk in them    ","      Super comfortable! They fit great warm and keep my feet dry.    ","      Comfortable    ","      I don't get it.  My husband has these, my son has worn these for three years in a row - they loved them.  I finally got around to buying a pair and they seriously pinch my toes!  I can't wear them for 5 minutes.  Not sure if this problem will go away as they get worn in but I am highly dissapointed.  I just ordered another pair to see if it is a manufacturing problem with the pair I received.  Perhaps the design doesn't work on smaller sizes?  I fit a 7M which is a 1/2 size than my normal shoe size.    ","      I really liked the model and material of these boots. When I tried them on they felt comfortable. After walking a few steps, I started feeling that my toes where pushed down by the front top part of the boot. Many people wrote about this issue and I thought it was nothing until I tried them on.I returned them and bought Merrel Yokota 2 hiking shoes and I'm really happy with them. I recommend you try boots in a store before ordering them, make sure you can walk comfortably! I went on a hiking trip and I can't imagine having to walk all those miles with these Columbia boots.    ","      Love these shoes.  I stand on concrete most of the day & they are really comfortable.    ","      This boot is everything I need for hiking - thick rubber sole, great ankle support and waterproof! It was more money than I wanted to spend but a lot less than comparable boots. I will probably order another pair!    ","      Great shoe, very stable and fits true to size. Does require some breaking in.    ","      Loved it!! Didn’t have to break into it, wore it during my entire hike in AZ!!    ","      From what I can tell when tried on, fits good. Won’t truly know til I wear them this winter.    ","      These are really good ❤️❤️❤️❤️    ","      I normally wear 12 in boots and 12 fit great with these as well!    ","      Great looking and feeling boots!    ","      I have an ankle that didn't heal correctly and I needed something sturdy since I work on my feet. They provide great support, fit as expected, and have been great with the Oregon weather we have. I have worn these on the beach, on the sidewalk, and on rocky ground and I haven't had an issue with slipping.    ","      I normally wear a size 7 in women's, but got a 7.5 to have extra room for thicker socks. Great boots, I have used them quite a few times already for long distance hiking.    ","      Normally I  wear a Size 8 ...was too big.Size 7 was perfect.  Comfortable to wear.Returning size 8    ","      Great hiking shoe. I've had it around a year and it is holding up well. But low stars because it is very hard to get on and off. You have to almost completely undo all of the laces.    ","      Fits well and received a ton of compliment in one day of wear.  I don't even feel like they need to be broken in.    ","      Very comfortable, and waterproof. They’re perfect for hiking the Washington trails    ","      Comfortable and great for hiking!    ","      I like it very much fits for sneaker    ","      Comfortable and easily broken in. I wore these camping and they worked great.    ","      LOVE these boots!  They are super comfortable, fit GREAT and there was almost NO break-in period at all!!!!!  And besides that, they're really cute!    ","      Very well built shoe. Its comfortable and can get you through any hike. The sizes are also dead on    ","      Ni una excusa, medidas, material, color, textura, todo perfecto. Son cómodas para traer todo el día, son ligeras    ","      Good value for the money. They are light weight but tough.    ","      Que son perfectos para el frío Y los voy a utilizar en el trabajo    ","      Wore my new Columbia hikers for the first time yesterday for a 4 mile hike.  They were pretty comfortable.  They kept my feet dry even walking through a small stream. No blisters or anything....they were a great buy!    ","      Using them as everyday shoes and very comfortable, I was not disappointed.    ","      These boots are most definitely waterproof! The only thing wrong with these boots is that they are hot to wear when you are in 77 degree weather. They walk fine and they are supportive to the ankle but have no breathing for the feet.    ","      Great boots. Wore them all day with no pinching or sore foot - fabulous    ","      I love these, very comfortable!    ","      Cute and comfortable! Feet did not hurt after 3 hour hike carrying a baby!    ","      Very comfortable and nicely priced! Quick delivery too. Highly recommended    ","      These fit perfectly and I normally wear a 9.5 or 10 so I made sure to get the larger size.  They fit perfectly and seem fairly comfortable and are well made.    ","      I bought these same boots 3 years ago. They held up real well and are very comfortable. The new ones are proving to be as good as the old ones.    ","      I didn't really need a waterproof boot and I bought Merrell Women's Moab Ventilator Mid Hiking boot as a second option.  I wasn't crazy about how these looked although they did feel comfortable.  They fit as expected but I ended up returning them...    ","      The size was true, but I could not even walk aro my living room without pain in my toe. The toe crease is so deep and severe no way I could even hike to the mail box in these without getting a blister. I also bought a more expensive Columbia hiking boot to avoid this problem and they both had the same issue! I went with a much cheaper brand bearclaw and was very impressed!    ","      I love these boots so much that this is my second, exact pair. I still have my first pair and they are still in great shape. I wear these full time during the cold months, not just for hiking.    ","      This is the second pair I order on amazon (first pair were Timberlands that I returned) and I don’t know if it’s me or what, but they hurt around the ankles!! I can’t see myself hiking more than 2 miles in these. Breaking them in didn’t work. They “fit” perfectly but once you start walking it hurts like heck around ankles. Too bad I can’t return them now.    ","      I have had these boots for 2 weeks, but so far so good. My feet stay completely dry. I am very pleased with these boots    ","      Light weight shoes. Look good and kept my feet dry during a storm.    ","      I’m either a 7.5 or an 8. I leaned to an 8 since everyone said having some room would be nice for layering!    ","      Excelente para largas caminatas    ","      Nice looking boot!  Fits as expected with good support for serious hiking.  Would recommend as an economical choice    ","      These boots were super comfortable from day one. I typically were a size 7 and these were true to size.    ","      These would be great boots for the casual hiker. I walk around 10 miles a day for work, and these just didn't hold up. At first, they were waterproof, fit well, and had decent traction, but only later about 3 months.    ","      These boots fit me perfectly!..I ordered a half size larger than my foot as I wear thinner socks.  I'm a heavy person and need good foot support for walking most distances, like shopping and so on.  I get excellant ankle support and across the top of my feet too.  Hope they last a long time....    ","      Love these boots! Have a pair I've had for 5 years. Glad I found another pair. Great boot!    ","      Llegó en el tiempo estimado    ","      Cute and comfy.    ","      Muy bonitos, cómodos y ligeros....    ","      These are the best hiking boots I have ever purchased and at a great price! they didn't need and breaking in, I used them right away and it was fine. they kept out water and my ankles felt great after a long hike!    ","      I wear a size 8 but have a wide foot. I ordered a 8 1/2 and they are perfect!    ","      These boots are AMAZING!!!! Must have!!!! They are completely waterproof and so comfortable. This is a very supportive boot. Hiked all week and they were awesome. Highly recommend.    ","      Very comfortable. Fit is perfect.    ","      Would have loved these if it wasn't for the crease digging into my big toe and giving me a giant blister on the third day of wearing them. I'll see if maybe I can break them in a bit and fix the issue? Had to go buy a new pair of shoes from a different brand for work. Really disappointed since they're really cute. 😕    ","      Great shoes. Great price.    ","      I really wanted to like these boots. They look good, they're basically waterproof and are a reliable brand. I tried them on when I got home and could not walk in them. The toe part of the boot bends in when walking and it felt like it was going to cut off my toe! I ended up returning these and am still searching for a good hiking boot.    ","      These fit perfectly. I absolutely love them. So comfortable!    ","      Loved them.!! Will buy second pair    ","      These boots were exactly what I was looking for style-wise. They are well made and look like they would hold up for a few years. My only problem with these boots is the cut. The toe area is too narrow. I tried 7.5 (my usual size) and 8 but there just wasn't enough room in the toe area. Sadly, I returned them.    ","      My daughter went hiking with it, she loved it..which made me happy.    ","      I liked experiencing considerably less pain in hip and knees than w/other types of footwear.    ","      My sister in law love her Xmas present fits great she said    ","      These are fantastic hiking boots! I absolutely love them. The height on them is perfect, very comfortable    ","      Very good product for the money boots fit awesome    ","      Very small in toe box. Many blisters trying to break them in.    ","      With the way the lace eyelets allow for the laces to easy movement when putting the boots on or off are excellent for  people with high archers.    ","      Fit was great, enough room for thick socks but easy to tighten when you don’t need them.    ","      My wife loved these boots, very comfortable to hike here in Colorado    ","      Lighter than I expected, also a bit roomier, but with orthopedic inserts and thick hiking socks, excellent fit.    ","      Exactly what I needed for my upcoming trip. Love them!    ","      This was a gift for my mother law and she loved it.    ","      They are not holding up. Scuff very easily.  Fit is not what it should be a little loose. Even though I have tightly laced. Tongue  doesn't stay secure. Makes for very uncomfortable fit. Would not buy again.  Usually  buy Sketckers. I bought these because I couldn't find a black Sketcher I liked. I thought this was a  premium brand.  Very disappointed.    ","      Fit exactly as I thought it would. Very comfortable    ","      Están geniales!! Les aconsejo pedir medio número menos, por que vienen amplias, de hay en fuera todo excelente, he hecho senderismo, escalada, las he mojado y han estado super cómodas, recomendadas ampliamente.    ","      Extremely waterproof and warm. Not comfortable if wearing for over 10 hours.    ","      Use these as work boots in the fall/ winter weather. Keeps my feet dry and warm boots are also comfortable.    ","      Used them for long hikes, after a few hours they start hurting the fit, they are a little hard. Great water proof    ","      These boots fit me just right and are great for everyday use.    ","      best hiking shoes ever!    ","      Estoy encantada con mis botas,  ya tengo varios meses usándola y me encantan 😍    ","      A little heavy, but they do what they're supposed to do.    ","      Excelente    ","      Perfect boots. Not too heavy and water proof. Broke them in hiking in NM - would fully recommend    ","      Las amo, son bonitas y cómodas, la talla es holgada, perfecta para uso con calceta gruesa!!!    ","      The shoes are very comfortable and light. I liked them very much. How they behave in the mountains do not know yet, I hope they will not let you down)    ","      Me encantaron, super cómodas y ligeras aunque no lo e probado en la nieve pero creo que si funcionan    ","      The product has a high quality and its very comfortable.    ","      I read all the comments and most of them says that the boots run big. It is true! I like them, but I feel that I have to brake them. I love the color.    ","      I have a 'C' width foot so unfortunately this boot was a little snug. I thought going a size up would help but it didn't. It was a well made boot and of high quality, but I need leather for the give.  If it came in a wider width and in leather it would have been a better fit for me.    ","      Light weight and good for walking, they are not quite as comfortable as my old Asolo Sundowners. I also wish that they were leather lined. Recommended.    ","      This is a great hiking boot for the price ... except for the toe.  Good side support, decent-ish arch support, and I love the classic style, but the boot caves inward over the toes, which drove me nuts. I ended up with the Merrell Moab 2 instead, which had TREMENDOUSLY better arch support and can be found for about $20-30 more. I really wanted to like this shoe, but no luck.    ","      These are my first hiking boots and they were great. Didn't require any breaking in. Perfect fit and comfort.    ","      Love it. I feel so comfortable all day long. I will buy more.    ","      Son cómodos y la medida excelente muy bien los zapatos    ","      Firs great and very comfortable.    ","      I walk 10 hours with these shoes.  They are a glove.    ","      Great fitting shoes,I love the way they look, super price.    ","      I had to return these as they were not wide enough for my feet. I was not able to actually wear them so I cannot comment on the quality, though they look nice.    ","      I found these painful to wear. The front formed a deep crease that DUG INTO MY BIG TOES AND WAS PAINFUL to wear for even 5 minutes.  I tried to break them in walking around my living room and they were so painful on my big toes that I couldn't stand it any longer. I returned them the same day.I bought these hoping the leather would them a softer feel BUT...These boots are very stiff (too stiff for me) and DO require breaking in despite what other reviews say. The upper feels like plastic, not leather--maybe the leather is too highly treated.In terms of size, they did fit about right. I have wide feet and I found the B width to be wide enough. Too bad they dug into my toes.    ","      I love these shoes..... I like them a lot, they lightweight, comfortable and provide ankle support.    ","      Hiked in Iceland. Rain and puddles on trails . Feet constantly wet, boots failed to keep my feet dry.    ","      Excellent quality and true size. They look great and they are light.    ","      Not too heavy to wear all day. Purchased for December trip to Colorado but didn't get the opportunity to test the waterproof ability    ","      SO COMFORTABLE RIGHT AWAY! I love these boots. First off, they aren't completely nerdy looking which is a plus. Second, I didn't need to work them in at all prior to getting into some serious hikes.    ","      Not wide enough so they need sizes in wide    ","      It’s waterproof and comfortable. Rugged with good grip    ","      These fit perfectly, I'm a size 9. But they don't have much arch support and feel cheap when I wear them. Definitely recommend looking at other top brands if you're looking to hike long miles and such. They're cute though    ","      Fit nicely and easy to walk in. The shoe laces do come untied/loose easily after walking for a while.    ","      Like them bunches.  Slightly large but nothing a good pair of socks can't fix.  4 stars for arch support but I still wore them all day without issue    ","      Great quality, comfortable wear    ","      I love everything about this boots! I'm a petite person with relatively small narrow feet.    ","      My last pair held up well in caustic environment for 2 years.    ","      Great pair of boots! Excellent quality as expected from Columbia. Very comfortable, good arch support, comfortable ankle height.  Fits great with thin or wool boot socks. I'm a female truck driver. I bought these for a work boot. Wanted something waterproof that was not too bulky or manly looking.  They are perfect!    ","      The boots fit perfect. My last pair of hiking boots were really heavy and check my ankles. These boots are light and comfortable.    ","      love the boots little big just have to wera heavier socks    ","      Great fit! Can’t wait to try them out in Sedona!!    ","      ordered 1/2 size bigger to accommodate winter wool sox. Fit was great. they were also $20 cheaper then bass pro, who did not have my size. Their loss :0    ","      Comfortable attractive not too heavy. Very happy with my boots    ","      great for hikinglook great!! love the colour    ","      Very comfortable when I tried them on. Will be wearing them out this weekend to do some hiking.    ","      Have yet to wear them for hiking and winter snowshoeing but I like the look and As I wear them around the house they feel comfortable.Sure hoping for the best    ","      I'm a 12 and this fits perfect for a hiking boot.  Allow room for socks.  Completed a 5 mile hike a few days ago as my first wear and very happy.  I would and will buy again    ","      Comfortable from moment I put them on. Look great & actually make my women size 10-11 foot look much smaller.    ","      Used this every where we hike.  Very comfortable    ","      Excellent    ","      Excellent grip, could easily do Arches trail and also climb a bit of rocks. Happy with the purchase    ","      I LOVE IT!    ","      Great for hiking through streams and snow patches.    ","      Wore these boots in the snow with one pair of wool socks and my feet stayed warm and dry!    ","      Just what I expected. They fit perfect and are very light!  I have not been out in rain yet to test for waterproof.  Very happy so far    ","      Ordered a half size up and these are PERFECT. I cannot believe how lightweight they are yet have great ankle support and awesome tread. Theyre super comfy and might I add look totally bomb(:    ","      Excellent quality but uncomfortable around the ankle.    ","      I purchased these for my girlfriend, she loves them.    ","      Love these new boots. Comfortable, warm and waterproof so far    ","      After trying many difference boots, I was delighted when these hiking boots felt extremely comfortable right away.  In fact, I bought a second identical pair so I wouldn't have to go through all the hassles of trying to find another pair to fit so well in years to come.    ","      Love it . Simply the hiking shoes I need .. very light, comfortable.    ","      Good quality and they fit well    ","      Fits perfectly    ","      These are my wife's favorite shoe.  This is her 5th pair in last 7 years. Lightweight and comfy.    ","      Got this for Machu Picchu hike.  Great quality and my fiancé was very happy with the design and durability.  Very comfortable for our 4 hr hike.    ","      Great item, comfortable.    ","      I originally ordered my regular size of an 8 M. They were very narrow and my toe was right at the end of the shoe. I exchanged them for an 8 1/2 M which were way too big. I was considering keeping them and doubling up on socks but the toe creases and is very painful on my foot. I cannot imagine hiking all day in these.    ","      Very good quality hiking shoes! I normally a size7-7.5 so I went ahead and got a 7.5 and they fit great! If you're contemplating I would definitely go with that extra .5 of a size for more room for thick hiking socks!    ","      I love these boots! They're super cute and comfy for hiking (I wear them with the wool hiking socks I purchased through Amazon). If I wanted, I could wear these boots for every day use, but I won't.    ","      Great, sturdy boot that also looks good. I’ve done 14 hour hikes in them and all good!    ","      Love these boots. Good quality and great fit.    ","      Seriously are heavy duty and waterproof!    ","      Very happy with this purchase. I had borrowed a friend's pair of Columbia hiking boots so I already knew which size to order (ordered a 1/2 size up from my normal US size). Were comfortable from the first wearing - a 3 hour walk/easy hike in Costa Rica.    ","      Not really a hiker but I needed something for walking the dog in the woods, snow, mud, etc. So far, so good.    ","      Boots are light and appear to be well made. Bending toe causes pain, so hoping these break in pretty quickly.    ","      Ever since I Got these you can't get me out of them.  Wow.  What an outstanding hiking / approach boot.    ","      Hard to get work boots in womens sizes. I have bought these boots twice. They fit great. Shipping was fast too. Arrived before my shift.    ","      Comfy! I could wear these all day!    ","      They didn’t even have to be broke in. They are very comfortable and give great support.    ","      My daughter wore these to hike in Canada and really enjoyed wearing them.    ","      Took these on a trip to Alaska and they were great!    ","      My grand daughter asked for these boots for hiking. She loves them. Very comfortable and true to size.    ","      I love these shoes! They fit as expected, I usually wear an 11 and I did not need to go a size up at all. They are comfortable hiking and super cute.    ","      It's lightweight and keep my toes warm during my trip to Iceland. Super comfortable as well!    ","      Love these boots this is my second pair. Lasted me a year of everyday wear. Looking forward to another great year with these    ","      Comfortable, light not heavy I love it, I use it for work .    ","      Very comfortable and light, not a heavy boot.    ","      There's a spot that makes the top of my feet hurts. But when wearing thick socks it doesn't hurt anymore.Not stylish so I don't wear it often.    ","      The best hiking boots I've ever owned. I wear these occasionally when I'm not hiking.    ","      Initially the hiking boot felt comfortable but after hiking in them, it kept rubbing at the base of my toes. Due to how the boot is stitched under the shoe laces, it creates a bend in the boot at the base of the toes area that will rub/cut/blister your foot. Don't waste your money or time trying to break them in.  You get what you pay for so invest in a quality pair of hiking boots.    ","      The toe breaks over the toes, a little uncomfortable on the left foot.    ","      Comfortable from the get-go. Easy on and off. Cute!    ","      I bought it for hiking in the mountains.    ","      Planning to use them on my next trip to Alaska. Very comfortable fit!    ","      Very comfortable. Great for my trip to Colorado.    ","      Very nice and comfy. Wife loves them. Fit and choice was perfect!  What can I say!!    ","      This product is excellent    ","      Best boots for landscapers. They keep your feet dry and the leather molds to your feet. Buy them! They're great.    ","      Great    ","      Extremely satisfied with the product and the fast service from amazon. I have ordered these boots many times. Very happy with the fit and wear they provide    ","      I ordered the wrong size, but other than that the shoe itself was perfect    ","      Fits great! These are super comfortable on my feet. The tread allows for great stability.    ","      My lady friend loves these hiking boots, no pinching or binding of any sort she says they are very very comfortable. She normally wears a size 8 and I ordered an 8.5 and they fit perfectly    ","      I bought these because of the Columbia brand but these shoes are very uncomfortable! No support. I wore them hiking twice and not comfortable at all. My feet hurt not even an hour into my hike.. wishing I could return them!    ","      Looks great for a hiking shoe and was a great price, compared to others.    ","      Love.    ","      Boots were too wide for narrow foot.    ","      Love these! So comfortable. Never needed to break them in. Went on several hikes through mud and river crossings. Waterproof, comfortable, durable and super cute.    ","      I bought these to use as work boots at the orchard. I put them on for the first time Saturday morning, worked all day and my feet were comfy all day. I wish I had ordered 2 pair at the great price!    ","      This boot provides good ankle support and warmth.  However, I have flat feet and would have appreciated more arch support.  Provides enough room to wear thick hiking sox.    ","      They fit as expected, comfortable and slip resistant    ","      Absolutely love these boots! I've been traveling in the costa rican rainforest for several days and my feet stay dry. Didn't have to break them and there are so comfortable!    ","      I'm normally size 8.5 and went with a 9 which was perfect. I ordered some timberland boots originally but returned them because they weren't very comfortable.. these are so much better.    ","      The most comfortable shoes I've ever worn. Fits well, waterproof and very comfortable to wear for hours walking. Would buy again. Wish they came in black but the dark brown is good enough.    ","      They’re definitely comfortable and I didn’t have to worry about breaking them in! I love the dark brown color. Would definitely buy again    ","      Wore them straight out of the box. Walk 10 miles a day for work. They are awesome. Went half size bigger tho.    ","      Great shoe for camping &  hiking.Fits true to size.4 stars only because they arrive very stiff. Wear extra socks while breaking in to avoid blisters.    ","      Very light weight compared to other boots. Boot fit as expected.    ","      My 2nd pair. They hold up very well. I add insoles for extra support. I use them for work.    ","      I bought these because most of the reviews I read were positive. I have taken them out on different hikes and worn them around the house, and if I wear them for more than one hour my feet start to hurt. I have had multiple different hiking boots and I've put hundreds of miles on my Keens and  never once did any of the other boots I have owned hurt like these do. They also rub uncomfortably against my Achilles tendon, causing swelling. If these were already dirty, I would return them for a full refund. They are the worst pair of boots I have ever owned.    ","      Really, really bad blisters on the back of my heels. Break them in before hiking or you will regret it :(    ","      Fit perfectly after breaking them in. I flexed the toe box a few times and wore the shoes around the house for a few hours. Problem solved.    ","      7 was equal to 38 European so size down I guess!    ","      Boots are CRAZY STIFF which I was not really expecting but overall they're good. However, after 4 uses the front part of the sole unglued and water comes a little bit inside now.    ","      Right out of the box comfort! It doesn't happen often so this once 👍    ","      Amazing comfort.    ","      The boot seemed like a great fit until I did a real hilly hike and it isn’t designed adequately to keep the laces tight enough to support you when you are extending your ankles. I kept tying them and on rocks the sole isn’t thick enough to protect you for more than a couple miles.    ","      My favorite boot! This is my 3rd pair, 3rd color, and always quality product from Columbia!    ","      Everything was as expected. Very pleased.    ","      Super comfortable shoe and gets feet warm! Wore all day walking several days in a row    ","      I should have paid attention to the negative reviews.  I wore these for all of 20 steps in my home.* super painful*  the toe bed bends into a crease which digs into the top of your foot.I ordered two pairs of Columbia boots to try on, and both had the same design. How did they let these onto the sales floor?  So disappointing. I usually have so much faith in Columbia products.What happened?    ","      I love them they are sooo comfortable    ","      Worked great for hiking around Colorado    ","      I’m not really a hiking boot type of person so this was a perfect buy    ","      Great footwear❤️    ","      I was really hesitant to get my actual size 10 due to the fit.  After reading several reviews, I still had my doubts, but the shoe fits perfectly.    ","      Very comfortable and fits fine!    ","      The only reason I gave these boots 1 star is because I like the way they look. I bought these to wear for work where I’m on my feet all day. Never have I had a pair of shoes that hurt my feet so bad!! I might as well be standing barefoot on concrete all day for the amount of padding and support these boots provide. They’re absolutely awful!!! I’m actuaclly going to have to find other boots for work even though I just bought these a couple months ago. I’ve tried all kinds of insoles to try and make these work to no avail. Total waste of money.    ","      Fit well.  Bought them to hike in the hills.  I have to wear an orthotic in one shoe and it is quite comfortable in these shoes.    ","      Had to buy more support for shoes . only wore for 2 to 3 weeks.    ","      need to put insoles in it anyway  ,but it keeps my feet dry!  im putting them to the test of at least 3 miles a day.    ","      Great for the constant walking/hiking we did in Iceland! Literally wore these non-stop for a week. Felt great -- and I have terrible arches. Kinda wish they had them in brown when I ordered though    ","      Todo    ","      They fit so perfectly. I took these boots to Yosemite, Sequoia, and Joshua Tree and climbed many rocks and lakes and these did not fail me. I love these so much :)    ","      GOOD SHOE! GREAT LOOK!    ","      Love the feel and the look    ","      It's to hot but they are vary water proof like vary water proof    ","      nice hiking boots! Were very comfortable when I used them on a week long hiking trip to the mountains. Also they are waterproof!    ","      Great boots, great fit. I love them    ","      I had to return these, while I love the minimalist style the toe box was the least comfortable thing I've put my foot into in a long time. With each step the toe of the boot would crease into the top of my foot. I barely walked around my apartment once and was getting a hotspot already. Would not buy again.That said, I have high very high arches which may have caused some of the discomfort from the leather creasing.    ","      Great boot. Took it out as soon as I got it. Felt great and looked great. Love it. Would recommend it.    ","      These shoes are so comfy! I wore mine around campus for about two weeks to break them in. After this, my hiking has never been better! I love these boots!    ","      Great fit and comfortable. Wore it out to hike on snowy trails and it kept my feet dry & warm.    ","      My size runs between 8.5 and 9 in Womens. Bought size 9s and they're too roomy even with hiking socks. Good quality boot, just wish I would've bought 8.5s.    ","      Great hiking shoes.  I have been looking and trying on hiking shoes for 5 years.  Finally found the perfect shoe for me!    ","      I purchased these boots to wear to work- I am a gardener in a city park- most walking on asphalt or soil. Nothing that would qualify as rugged terrain.. and yet! After six months of regular wear these boots are totally destroyed- I can see my socks through the lining where the outer and inner have completely ripped and separated from the bottom of the shoe. The synthetic outer was the first to go, ripping at the toe box and then slowly across the entire boot.  I’ve never had this problem with timberlands, Merrill’s, doc martens, etc. SO disappointed with Columbia!    ","      Comfy perfect and just what I needed    ","      These are great boots! I love them.. would highly recommend them.    ","      Excelente se recomienda    ","      Love them. Don’t even need to break in. Extremely pleased    ","      Love these boots - I am on my third pair.  I walk a lot, so a pair lasts me about 18 - 20 months.  I use orthotics in them for greater arch support.    ","      These boots are extremely comfortable as well as supportive going up and down hills.    ","      Fit very well, nice looking.    ","      Amazing shoes! Cute and comfortable. Wore them every day in California and hiked multiple mountains, bluffs, and deserts!    ","      They are definitely water proof!    ","      haven't had them long enough to say I love them, but I think I do :)    ","      they fit perfectly, kept my feet warm and were attractive    ","      Very comfortable and waterproof. Used them for the first time during a 7 mile hike at Big Bear and they were great!    ","      Ich habe diesen Schuh für einen Wander-Urlaub in Schottland gekauft.Er war der einzige Schuh, der sehr stabil, robust und zugleich sehr leicht war.Selbst nach einem halben Jahr intensiver Benutzung \"lebt\" er immer noch. Ich bin begeistert.Würde ich mir auf jeden Fall noch einmal kaufen!Tipp: Wanderschuhe sollte man mindestens eine Schuhgröße größer bestellen!    ","      I haven't had the opportunity to actually wear these shoes hiking or camping, but they look great and felt nice in the sort periods I did wear them.    ","      Runs a little big if you're wearing regular socks but the extra room is great so you don't smash your toes on long walks    ","      Wore these brand new shoes hiking up over 6,500 feet above sea level in Zion National Park.  They were comfortable and worked out very well.  I am very satisfied.    ","      Used for heavy labor internship, worked perfectly and as expected.    ","      I'm very pleased with my boots    ","      Just a little bit heavier than I expected, but I guess that's all hiking shoes do?    ","      Normally an 8 or 8.5; ordered a 9 for room and they fit as expected. Unfortunately, I experienced the issue of the toebox folding inward/pressing down on my toe midstep, which I knew would leading to discomfort/blistering on a long hike. The build quality is otherwise very nice, but I returned these.    ","      I love them they look so cute and femenine! Great for nice hikking outfits and absolutely comfortable, water resistant... I want them in all colors!    ","      Happy with my purchase    ","      These  boots are awesome.  Comfortable and durable.  Perfect for going out for the day and you are unsure of what the weather will bring.    ","      They’re cute and comfortable! Just make sure you wear thick socks when you try breaking them in.    ","      These came a little bigger than I thought but still do able.  I've never had a hiking boot before and the toe is very stiff.. But again I'm only used to tennis shoes.    ","      Definitely need to be broken in before your first time use but still so comfy! I wear size 6 and they fit perfectly!    ","      It was great for my trip!    ","      Love these boots! My purchase of these boots resulted from other buyers positive reviews, which I appreciate. The boots fit wonderfully and provide excellent support. They feel sturdy and comfortable. Probably the best hiking boots I've ever owned.    ","      This shoe was true to size, accurate in color and just so perfect as a hiking shoe. I am very happy with my purchase.    ","      Really comfy! Love them    ","      Very comfortable and lightweight.  Wore all day on the first day.    ","      I they are waterproof and warm! I like the design and how it fit, and the lightness!! They are very light!The only downside is that the sole is slippery... I have to be very careful not to fall on my ass in rainy days!    ","      Me quedaron bien son muy comodos    ","      Para hacer deporte de montaña    ","      My 3rd pair they are awesome.  Gave one away and other pair I tossed because of extreme poison oak    ","      Fits comfortably used for hiking.    ","      Más de lo que esperaba, soy talla 27MX y la talla 10US me quedaron muy bien. Relación calidad - precio es perfecta. Muy cómodas desde el primer dia de que las ocupé.    ","      Love them. Fit as expected. Super comfy. Have been wearing them everyday since I bought them and did not need time to break them in. Fit like a glove    ","      Boots are very comfortable and easy to clean off mud! The color is darker than I expected however very neutral and dark shows less dirt as fast!    ","      I think i should be able to return these boots. They did not hold up. Within 6 months the leather separated from the soul. Amazon only gives one month to return. I thought Columbia  made better products . Very disappointed! These were amazon's choice, waterproof.  Fulfilled by amazon. Poorly made.    ","      These boots are extremely comfortable.  I thought I had to break them in, but they were so comfortable after wearing them all day.  Very light weight for boots and good support.    ","      Excellent product. My daughter loves it.    ","      Great boot, very comfortable and waterproof    ","      100% exactly size conform    ","      Extremely comfortable. Look and feel great    ","      They are waterproof,  sturdy, comfortable and have a pretty good look. I would definitely recommend buying these.    ","      Really like this boot, very sturdy!!    ","      Product was just as I expected    ","      Great support and cute color. Holds up very well.    ","      Comfortable and had dry feet.    ","      Good fit, keep water out .    ","      Boot really comfy superfast delivery great experience all around    ","      belle botte    ","      Very comfy and waterproof!    ","      They rub! Break these in BEFORE your expedition. I wore them for a 30minute hike and had several blisters :(    ","      Kept the melty snow out, just make sure wool socks are used for cold temps. Otherwise warm and comfortable for weather above, say.....40 degrees. Good traction, and I normally take a wide but my husband oredered 1/2 size up so that definitely made up for the normal width.    ","      After wearing out my first pair, I purchased the same boots again.  I have tried other hiking boots in the past, but these fit comfortably and are waterproof.  I can walk in the rain, mud or cold weather.    ","      Exactly what I needed and wanted.    ","      True to size.  Very comfortable    ","      Boot runs on the wide side.    ","      I’m in love with my boots!!...😍    ","      Comfortable and sturdy. Ankle support great.    ","      I liked them; they were not wide enough. Never had a chance to wear them.    ","      Perfectas, vienen amplias y son muy cómodas    ","      I love them so far! Haven't used them yet lol but they fit as expected and they seem great quality.    ","      Fits a little small, but eventually widens with use. Great hiking boots.    ","      I love this product. I tested it by stepping into all the cold water puddles I could find during a bad snow storm in Boston. It was really water proof. Have been using it for a few months now, its exactly what I wanted!    ","      Uncomfortable immediately on wear, arrived 2 days late as well. Reviews confirm, should’ve read more carefully    ","      I got my regular size, which was loose enough that I can wear thick socks or even add some insoles, but was fine without as well.    ","      Not great for warmth, but excellent for comfort and keeps my feet dry (needs to be periodically treated for continued water resistance.) Will buy again!    ","      Very comfortable and not heavy.    ","      Came in new condition, good support, and perfect fit    ","      These are most comfortable!  I'm very happy with my order!    ","      bought this for my wife and she absolutely loves it.  She's picky with shoes so I was a little hesitant of getting it but these are just solid!  definitely a good pair!    ","      I ordered them because I liked the previous pair and they lased a long time.    ","      The hiking boot is very comfortable and fits perfectly.  I would recommend this hiking boot to my friends.  I like it.    ","      I sent them back before Christmas    ","      Very comfortable. I needed ankle and arch support but wanted something lightweight and that is exacty what I got. These are perfect ..    ","      LOVE these boots!!  I have only worn cowboy boots for the past 18 years and needed something with tread for the mud.  They keep my feet warm and dry and are very comfortable.  Getting ready to order a \"back up\" pair.  Highly recommend!    ","      Me agrado,de muy buena calidad    ","      These are so comfortable, I can wear them all day.  I also like the way they look.    ","      Lightweight.  Used for work    ","      These are really comfortable and grip the rocks great which is what I was hoping for.  They were exactly as described.    ","      Really comfortable, even after long days on my feet. Now if they wouldn't come untied.    ","      confortable    ","      They are exactly what you see in the picture    ","      Fit well and incredibly comfortable    ","      Lo compre para un regalo, la bota viene un poco amplia pero se puede ajustar colocándole una plantilla extra, de ahí en fiera muy buenas y resistente    ","      Me encantaron, son muy cómodas, ligeras y resistentes    ","      Very sturdy and very comfortable    ","      I wore these shoes on a 4 day hiking trip, by the end of the first hour of hiking the stitching had already rubbed into the top of my big toes. The second day of hiking presented with massive blisters on my pinkie toes. I tried to break them in before the trip, but I was clearly unsuccessful. The overall quality of the shoe is good, but it is just too narrow and the stitching is a high rub zone.    ","      I love love this shoe!    ","      Awesome boots, sizing just right    ","      Lo que necesitaba mi esposa    ","      I only gave this product two stars because it was fairly comfortable out of the box, however after 1 hike, the tread is already starting to pull away!! The trail was 3 miles, my 5 year old did it, so it’s not like it was tough. Super disappointed, will look into better boots.    ","      I love these boots! Wore them through the ice and the traction is great. They're comfy and I love the look. Def recommend these!    ","      Bought these for our trip to The Black Forest in Germany. Perfectly waterproof; fit was spot-on. Wore these all day hiking through the forest and walking through the streets of town. Definitely would recommend.    ","      They were a little snug and somewhat hard    ","      Great shoe. Sister loves them    ","      Very comfy, waterproof boots! Fits as expected!!!    ","      The boot is beautiful and make your feet look great. The boot is made out soft leather and the bottom of boot has terrific grip , but sort like a slightly soft rubber bottom. They are also comfortable.    ","      Great hiking shoe. Hiked all of Havasu falls in both rain and dry weather. My socks stayed dried and no issues with sliding around the trail.    ","      Love the looks and feel of the boots. Only gave 4 stars because I haven't worn them on a trip yet    ","      Great boots love them good fit    ","      it was gift and she liked my gift    ","      the way they look.    ","      Love hiking and these boots are very comfy, true to size.Amazing for the $40 dollar price. Dicks & Bass Pro is selling the same shoe for $80.    ","      Comfortable, true to size, light weight yet sturdy. Wearing for work in horse arena got muddy cleaned up great.Light brushing shined with neatsfoot oil. Look new!    ","      I love these boots, they are very lightweight- lighter than some of my tennis shoes in fact. Highly recommend.    ","      I have just started hiking, and although I love Keens, couldn't justify the price for a beginner. These are great hiking boots, lightweight and very comfortable. The support is excellent. They wipe clean very easily and are very water resistant.    ","      So far, so good! Have weak ankles? Great ankle support! They're definitely water proof! I got stuck in a rainstorm and they held up! No squishy wet socks!!!    ","      This is my second pair of Columbia Hiking boots. I had my first pair since 2008. They finally wore out. This new pair fits as expected. They quite comfortable. I'm sure they will hold up as well as the first pair.    ","      Best purchase off the year.    ","      Fits as expected, some reviews say size up but I got 7.5 as a usual 7.5 and fits perfect! Very light and comfortable    ","      Great boots! Great price!    ","      My wife in love.    ","      Wear 8, purchased 9. I like shoes with wiggle room. Great looking and very comfy.    ","      Look great. A bit stiff to break in. A thin pad will help.    ","      These shoes are very light and have lots of toe room for thicker socks. I love them.    ","      Extremely comfortable boot. Light weight and not hard to walk in.    ","      These boots look great and feel great if you just stand still. The problem is whenever you walk and bend the boot the top of the toe box goes straight down and crushes your toes. I do not have fat feet and I do not have fat toes however the toe box hits my toes! I returned them.    ","      Perfect fit. Haven't worn them yet.    ","      Fabulosas!!    ","      Súper cómodas, ligeras, son true size, soy #4y me quedaron perfectas...las recomiendo    ","      The shoe is nice but it has a problem in the toes. When you walk the top of the boot crushes your toes, so I returned them    ","      I been wanting these shoes for quiet some time, and was finally able to buy them for this winter.    ","      Love. Super comfortable .    ","      Outstanding great boots    ","      Dropped a star for not being water proof.  If you  step in a puddle while crossing it you will be OK.  If you walk in wet grass for 2 hours your feet (and these boots and your socks) will be soaked through and through.    ","      I bought a previous pair of 9 or 9.5 Columbia boots but they were too tight. I haven't hiked in these yet, but they seem to fit perfectly, and I usually wear 9-9.5. This particular style has a great grip too.    ","      Perfect for my dayli use.    ","      Boots fit great and are very comfortable.    ","      Love them... Very comfortable    ","      A very comfortable fit    ","      Toe box was tight and punched my toes    ","      Fits greater than expected.    ","      Son perfectos y muy resistentes...me encantaron    ","      Like very much! Super cute!    ","      Built to last. I used them for trekking. They will also fit with thick socks. I don't have 5 more words    ","      I like it all.    ","      Bought these for my mother a few months ago, assumed I was buying a quality product and the entire side of one has separated from the sole rendering them unwearable. The boots are glued together, not stitched, and poorly at that. Definitely not worth the price.    ","      Using it from more than an year. No complaints till now. Still in perfect conditions.    ","      Very comfortable. Amazing!    ","      Love them. Comfy and sturdy    ","      Love the way they fit, true to size. Very comfy.    ","      They are very comfortable    ","      They fit fine but not much cushion! Won’t be good for 10 hour workday, but I’ll use them for off days!    ","      Love these! Very comfortable- I had no trouble breaking them in.    ","      I bought these with the intent of using them on a snow backpacking trip over the weekend. Well it did not snow, it rained. The trail was muddy and long. These boots passed the test on being waterproof and warm. Excellent grip and comfort.    ","      went hiking in snow. feet stayed nice and toasty! Did not get wet!! Awesome and comfortable!!    ","      Awesome hiking boot    ","      Fit well and comfortable.    ","      Comfortable,warm, not bulky.    ","      The 9 was a bit big so I ordered an 8.5 and they are perfect. Very comfortable boots!    ","      Takes a bit of time to wear them in and get them comfortable to your feet but otherwise thy are a great sturdy shoe and completely waterproof!    ","      I went hiking in North Carolina they were so comfortable great boot    ","      Loved these boots! Hiked over 20 miles in them in 3 days and no blisters or discomfort! I am in love!    ","      Comfortable and sturdy.    ","      Great hiking boots for the price .    ","      Es muy bonito el botín    ","      Cute and comfy!    ","      Love these boots!!  They fit well with a thick pair of hiking socks. Thank you for being so prompt in sending them.    ","      Love these hiking boots    ","      They are a little bully but provide good support and feel durable.    ","      wore them to my every single hikes since I got them almost 2 years ago. Love its durability, support, protection, and easy maintenance.And yes, they look good too.    ","      Great, comfortable boot!!    ","      You must break these in. Great support.    ","      Best boots ever    ","      Nice boot, but doesn't have a built in arch support.    ","      The boots were exactly as described.  Very comfortable.    ","      nothing fancy.  nice    ","      They’re cute and solid    ","      I got these for snow shoeing and they work great! Very comfortable and plenty warm. Good quality construction. Good boots!    ","      Best boots ever    ","      Great fit    ","      nice and comfortable    ","      It fit me perfect but The brand sign of the left shoes it’s a the wrong side! 😑 see pictures    ","      Great and supportive hiking boots.    ","      Size fits great but definitely slip a lot more than expected even after all the reviews on it    ","      Great purchase    ","      Fit great and very comfortable. Would definitely buy again.    ","      They fit like a glove and are very comfortable    ","      Love love love    ","      I wore these during a trip to Switzerland for a glacier walk. They were extremely comfortable. I didn't break them in prior, and had no issues.    ","      When I flex my foot there is a deep uncomfortable crease that presses into my toes.  Would be way too uncomfortable in the terrain I hike, but would be fine in the city or on relatively flat terrain.    ","      Nanasn    ","      Muy cómodos, medida perfecta y prácticos para el trabajo cotidiano    ","      I liked this boot well enough but it ran tight on length and width. Too tight even after I had them on inside and walked around.    ","      These shoes run small.  I always fit into a size 5 but not with these shoes.  I re-ordered for a size 6 which gives me room for socks as well as a little wiggle room for hiking.    ","      Comfortable and true to size. Great price compared to other websites/stores.    ","      Small    ","      I ordered a size 9 and wore them around for part of the day only to discover that my toes were being pinched on the top by a crease in the toe area caused by walking. Was painful and had to return them. They either made too much material in the from of the boot or the material is not thick enough to prevent the level of creasing that ocurred. Would not recommend this boot. Also went to Dick’s sporting goods and tried on an 8.5 and experienced the same issue. Great look but poor execution.    ","      Very comfy and cute.    ","      This is a great hiking shoe/boot. Love it. Sturdy and waterproof yet comfortable.    ","      I ordered a half size larger than what I normally wear to accommodate thicker socks, but they still cut off circulation to my feet. Felt like they were falling asleep. They seem sturdy, dry and warm, but take note of the warnings in other reviews about the crease hitting your toes. It’s a killer!  Disappointed. Definitely returning.    ","      Hiking in Sedona    ","      These are fantastic    ","      I take a size 11 but ordered a 12 so that I could wear heavy socks with them..  They are good in the length, but too narrow even for medium weight socks.  I don't have a wide foot.  Also, another review mentioned it being uncomfortable when you walk because they crease across the top of your foot.  I found that to be true also. I have a pair of winter Columbia boots in size 11 and they are fine.  I guess these just run narrow.    ","      Size is true! Very nice boots. Wearing them tomorrow for first day at work.    ","      fit good right out of the box    ","      Well made    ","      My husband bought these for me and I absolutely love them. I wanted something sturdy yet comfortable, and I got exactly that! I am so pleased with these boots and would recommend them to anyone. Happy, Happy, Happy :)    ","      Love the boots.    ","      Like the fit    ","      I have wide feet, fortunately these boots give, I will keep & use them for hiking. they are also comfortable.    ","      oh my god....shoes    ","      These shoes run big and wide. When I walked on them it folds and  it hurts the top of my toes. It was not attractive to me, too bulk. I return it.    ","      I wish I could give a good review, but I had a terrible experience, I received this item and the shoes were worn. They arrived dirty, scratched very much used. Totally unacceptable. The shoes are expensive and to receive them in that condition is terrivke. That is why I give this a bad review.    ","      Great hiking/ work boots, feel a little narrow but not uncomfortable.    ","      I don’t think it will hold up. Looks cheap.    ","      I wear a size 6 shoe usually and I bought 6.5. It fit well and is very comfortable. I would advise to buy half size up. Shoes are very comfortable to wear, I am sure it will be very good for hiking. But it did not hold up well in snow. My feet were cold and wet in just 15 minutes of walking in snow which was my sole purpose of buying them. I would not recommend them for walking on snow. I would have returned them if it wasn't too late.    ","      First time buying hiking boots they are a little big but with wool socks im sure they will fit nice.  Exactly what i expected in quality.    ","      Love there boots!    ","      Perfect fit!    ","      Like these and have received a couple of complements already! Very light weight too!    ","      Great productFits well    ","      Would be a great comfortable boot if it didn't massacre my big toe.  It's not that the toe box is small, seems like the material doesn't have any give to it so every time I take a step the top creases and crushes my toe.    ","      Smaller then the last pair I wore.  Seems they are making these not as wide as they used to be.    ","      Perfect fit    ","      Excelentes botas para senderismo, seguras, Cómoda y te mantienen seco. Me encantaron    ","      Went hiking in Oregon and Washington through rain and snow with these. Held up great and kept my feet dry    ","      They fit a little small but they stretch as you break them in. I've owned several pairs for work and they are an amazing deal!    ","      Wore this on an 8 hour hike, it started hurting my toes only after a couple hours and I also got blisters on the back of my feet. I wouldn't recommend these boots to anyone with slightly wide feet and I would wear higher socks than ankle socks. The good side of this was that it definitely had good grips, I didn't slip at all walking on rocks.    ","      Style    ","      They get scruffy looking pretty fast but so far they feel really good and serve my purpose on a hike.    ","      Love these!!    ","      Love these boots. Very comfortable. I wear a 7 shoe but purchased 7 1/2 boots. Just right with socks.    ","      Excelente tabla de medidas    ","      Like!    ","      This is a very attractive and sturdy shoe, but there is a flaw in the toe box area. The top of the shoe creases and digs into the toes with every step.  I attempted to wear these shoes for a 10-mile hike, but had to stop and turn back within a mile because the constant digging from the toe crease. It rubbed the skin off the tops of my toes! Ouch! I had high hopes for these shoes, but my little piggies said no.    ","      Love these for my winter walks. This is the second pair I bought. The first ones lasted about 2 walking seasons. I walk approx. 3-5 miles a day.    ","      Very comfortable for walking around Alaska!    ","      Too big.    ","      Excelentes muy cómodos    ","      Extremely lightweight. Have not worn them yet, but can't wait to test the waterproofness of these boots!    ","      They were fine overall, but cut across the top of my toes with each step really painfully. Had to return them.    ","      Muy buenas zapatillas.    ","      Work    ","      Out of all of the boots, sneakers anything, I have never had a pair of boots fit me so comfortably.  They are easy to care for and have thus far held up through the storm.    ","      Very comfortable    ","      The size of the boots were as they should be but the tow is very narrow inside and the insole very hard. Tried them on quite a few hikes now and ended up with really bad blisters.    ","      These boots are great fit to size wore then in bad weather in NY and they keep my feet warm and dry. Glad I Bought them and for the price I paid amazing thank u columbia..    ","      i got these for my wife. she is not an experienced hiker, but she treked 8.5 miles, with a lot of ups and down, and she had 0 blisters. i would recommend these.    ","      Buen material resiste al abuso del terreno.Recomendado    ","      Great fit and support. Didn't need to break them in, did back-to-back 5 mile and 12 mile hikes over the weekend and shoes remained comfortable and my feet blister free. Lightweight and look nice.    ","      Fits good    ","      Got the 7.5 and it’s very narrow. Need to get wide so a tad disappointed.    ","      This is my 2nd pair. Same size, same color... After 2-3 maybe more winters, I plain wore them out. I'm a mail carrier.....they get used! Wore the tread off in spots on bottom... Lightweight & warm..    ","      I love them. I had been disappointed in my shoe purchases lately from my regular brands. Not this one!  They are comfortable, sturdy, and others liked the style of the boot, too    ","      Excellent product excellent price    ","      Love them.    ","      Great shoes    ","      The comfort level of these boots is incredible. Barely needed any breaking in, and the water proof quality is amazing. Slippery trails are no problem! Columbia is forever reliable.    ","      These are not comfortable due to the ankles rubbing so badly. Have worn them a few times and they're not even close to being broken in. Have had to take them off during hikes because of this. Stock up on extra socks and band aids for when you wear these.    ","      The toe crease rub is real!  I took a chance on these hooping the toe crease issue would not be a problem...but it was.  Sizing was good and appearance nice, but the toe crease rub hurt within 1 minute if walking in them.  Returned this product.    ","      Everyone said to size up and they’re wrong. Don’t size up, order your normal size or they will be too big. I don’t know why people said to size up. Absolutely don’t listen.    ","      I bought these again because I love how my feet feel when I hike in them.    ","      good.    ","      Comfortable, lightweight, I used size chart for good a fit.    ","      Very comfortable    ","      I PURCHASED THESE BOOTS  Ordered on November 16, 2020.  IN MARCH A PIECE OF THE BOTTOM SOLE TORE SO I TRIED TO RETURN/EXCHANGE BECAUSE I REALLY LIKED THEM  AMAZON WILL NOT TAKE ANY RETURNS AFATER 34 DAYS AND COLUMBIA WILL NOT WARRANTY ANY PRODUCTS NOT PURCHASED DIRECTLY FROM THEM.  BEYOND FRUSTRATING.  LESSON LEARNED    ","      Listen to the other reviewers here and dont waste your time like I did. They really do crease over the top of the toes and it cuts like a knife. These are useless so they are going back. Shame because they are super cute!    ","      Great boots    ","      These are great boots. Kept my feet warm and dry.    ","      I really wanted to love these for hiking! Seemed like a great value for a multipurpose hiking boot. I'm normally a size 9 and ordered size 9; they fit length and width, but I experienced the mid-toe area pinching other reviewers noted. I ordered a size up... 9 1/2 and the issue actually became worse.    ","      Es fiel a su talla, son cómodas y muy buena calidad    ","      Too tight around the toe box. Started to get uncomfortable after a few minutes of walking.    ","      I had previously purchased these same type of boots in the past and they are very comfortable and I wear them to work every day.    ","      wonderful.... don't waste your time on other product these are great    ","      Good product, just order one size bigger and you ll be fine    ","      Use for mowing and yard work.    ","      Cute    ","      This is the narrowest size 11 boot I have ever tried on--it was super-painful on my foot for the 30 seconds I had it on.  I have had Columbia boots which fit me perfectly but not this one!  It also appears to be made mostly of manmade synthetic stuff NOT leather (except in tiny patches), unless the leather is coated with synthetic.  Cheaply made and ill-fitting--I expected far better from Columbia!    ","      Fits great    ","      Love!!!    ","      They pinch at the toe. So glad I brought another pair of shoes with me. Every time I’d take a step, it’d pinch my toes where all of our feet bend. Returned right away. So sad because I had high hopes.    ","      Great boots.    ","      This is a good boot.  It is durable and sturdy.  It fits true to size with enough room for a light sock.  It is also good looking.    ","      HAvent been hiking yet but been wearing on walks and very good.    ","      Not worth the money. Shoes are tearing from the sides and I've only had them for a little over a month.    ","      I ordered a size 7 and found the toe box to be very tight w/ lightweight wool socks. The shoe is very stiff but fairly lightweight.  However, it felt like it would take a while to break them in.    ","      waking    ","      Loved these shoes    ","      I like everything. No complaints    ","      Exactly as described. Very comfortable with great traction    ","      Used them on my recent vacation in the Smokies. Very comfortable.    ","      These have held up well. Pretty waterproof.    ","      Love them. Comfortable, dry and durable.    ","      Un poquito grande    ","      I didn't get the same boot in the picture. I'm a bit disappointed as I've been trying hard to find a good boot for work that will get me through winter.    ","      Fits well exactly as described.    ","      Absolutely love these boots.  They fit as expected and really hold up over time. I would definitely get them again!    ","      I purchased these boots for my husband cuz he’s in construction & he really loves his boots but just a hair under three months the soul has ripped off    ","      Comfortable    ","      Very good    ","      Lightweight and cushioned.    ","      Like    ","      Nice    ","      This boot looked great. It fit great. However, I only took a few steps in them before knowing that they weren’t going to work. The toe box comes with a ridge that bends when you walk. The bend pushes against your toes. It was uncomfortable just walking around, but it would be asking for blisters and foot damage if I used them on a hike. Had to return them. I expected more from a brand like Columbia.    ","      Bought for my daughter she loves them    ","      they are very comfortable    ","      Comfortable.    ","      Ok    ","      I walked all Perú with them. Did hikes, sight seeing, looong trekking and they worked perfectly!    ","      I wanted to like these boots. They were my first hiking boots. They seemed fine, but after 4-5 days of hiking, I have one tow nail that is about to fall off (index toe on left foot) and a blister on another toe (ring finger toe on left foot). The one thing I liked about them was they made my foot look small. I wear a 10. Had to return. Now a little scared to order another hiking boot.    ","      Good    ","      Very comfortable boot! Great quality.    ","      Just what expected    ","      They are water proof and light.    ","      I had to return it twice because the sizing was all wrong. I’m a size 6, but both 6 and 5.5 was way too big. The 5 finally fit but the shoe is built terribly - so uncomfortable, especially at the toes.    ","      Cute    ","      I love these boots. Can’t wait to try them out in South Africa.    ","      I love these boots. They keep my feet dry and warm. I wear them 11 to 12 hours a day.    ","      Excelente! Medida exacta y en muy buenas condiciones, recomendado!    ","      Muy buenas botas para caminar y hacer hike.  Son muy cómodas y además se ven muy bien.  Sirven para escalar, caminar y resistentes al agua.    ","      Comfortable and true to size. A bit heavy for long hikes.    ","      Great fit    ","      Like    ","      LOVE THEM!!!I am so glad that I splurged for myself and got myself these boots. The are, oh, so comfy! I am looking forward to ordering other colors.    ","      Did well in Peru    ","      Me gustaron justo lo q buscaba    ","      I have bought this boot for me and my wife to use it in a 0 degree C (32 F) and to walk on snow. I liked the boot, since it keep our feet warmed.    ","      I love the look and color of these, but the fit is horrible! The toe area is not made right. It may be on some boots, but I tried to order 2 pair thinking the second pair would be okay. The left one fit okay on the first pair I ordered, but the right was bad. The toe area was bad on both of them on the second order. It pushes on your toes when walking and is very uncomfortable. I love the Columbia style and colors though. I'm gonna try the meshy looking boots :)).    ","      Cheap    ","      Good support for a hike    ","      Perfect fit!!!  Good looking shoe!!!    ","      good for my flat feet    ","      I was pleasantly surprised ordering these online, sight unseen.  They fit perfect to size and were comfortable from the moment I put them on my feet.  I would absolutely recommend these!    ","      They are very comfy and very cute! Most hiking boots are unsightly, but these are solid without feeling clunky. I've used them for hiking as well as just walking around town.    ","      Very comfortable for camping and hiking. Worth the price!    ","      I have to say that for hiking boots they are really light but that's where my compliments end.  Granted, I know that my foot is a bit wide but I couldn't even get my foot into this shoe it was sooooo narrow.  And then I was wondering what the material of these shoes really were.  Per the description they are suppose to be leather but I really have to question that, pleather maybe???    ","      Good product    ","      Wore these on several long hiking trips in the mountains.  It is a sturdy hiking boot but makes a few sore spots if you wear it for long excursions.    ","      These came fast. very nice and sturdy to wear. Went fishing and they kept my feet warm. Good grip on ice and also very flexible. Did not feel like the usual stiff shoe.    ","      I really wanted to like these boots. I absolutely love the way that they look. Unfortunately that's the only good thing I can say about them. I wore them for less than a mile walk with my dog and within the first few steps I was already beginning to feel blisters starting. The front toe area of the shoe bends inward with each step and rubbed the top of my big toe raw. I even had two pairs of thick socks on. I will say the return process was extremely easy and quick. But I would not have bought these in the first place had I known how flawed the design was.    ","      Great hiking no boot! Great deal! Comfortable and ankle support I needed!    ","      Loved them at first however 4 mo later and they are falling apart. I think for the price they should last longer. Then 4 months.    ","      Love this boots    ","      My son girlfriend loves the way it fits, and for sure it is worth the money.Would buy again.    ","      Good    ","      Super comfortable feel like tennis shoes    ","      Thank you for fast delivery!    ","      I was disappointed to find out other reviewers were right about an issue with the toe box.  With every step, the middle of the top of the boot bends in to bump against your toe.  It was annoying on a test walk around my kitchen, and I can't imagine how bad it would be on an actual hike.    ","      It took my wife a little time to get used to them but now she loves them.    ","      Very good boot and comfortable    ","      Good hiking boots.    ","      Fit as expected, Hugh quality, durable.    ","      Las tallas vienen perfectas. Las botas son muy bonitas y cómodas. No pesan nada y son las mejores para caminatas.    ","      very good!    ","      They are what I wanted!    ","      Love these! They were comfortable from the start and give great support for walking.    ","      Daughter loves them!    ","      Excelente calidad, precio , son ligeras . Impermeables.  Cómodos    ","      Love them    ","      I really liked the look of the shoes, unfortunately it was not the same as wearing it. I tried it on as soon as I got it and sent it back the same day. The shoes does pinch your toes as you walk. Maybe it needed softer material as it really presses down as it bends in the front. Pretty disappointing.    ","      It looks good and fits good.    ","      Purchased for my wife, she says they are the most comfortable boots she ever had.    ","      These are my new rain boots. Keeps my feet dry on rainy days. Very comfortable! Very stylish!    ","      Plastic uppers. Don't not look or feel like leather.Shame on you Columbia. You are an American company. Make your product in AMERCIA    ","      most comfortable shoes ever! I was worried i wouldnt like the grey but they go with a lot and i'm glad to have them.    ","      Excelent    ","      Happy    ","      I thought by reading the reviews, I would be happy with my choice. I work outside. Today was the first day it rained. My feet are soaked. My feet where wet within 10 minutes. Worse boots i have ever bought. And I buy a lot of boots. Super disappointing. If you wear these in the rain your feet WILL BE WET.    ","      Boots fit well, usually wear a size 8.5, bought 8.5 feel true to size.  Only wore them a couple of times so far but they are comfortable.    ","      gave me blisters    ","      Mi esposa quedo encantada de la comodidad,el ajuste, el agarre al piso, el material. 100% recomendable.    ","      De buena calidad excelente para caminar en campo abierto    ","      😊    ","      Bought these for my wife for a trip to Alaska and she loved them. Fit and comfort are superb according to her and they kept her feet warm and dry as expected.    ","      Loved these so much I bought my Mother a pair for Christmas!    ","      The shoes are sold as waterproof.  I am in the park daily, quite often walking on wet grass.  Water seeps into the boot seam between the rubber sole and soft material covering the top of the foot. I have had these boots for less than a full year and they have not held up well.    ","      I love them    ","      Love these boots. I need to use my orthotics and they work perfectly.    ","      I have very high arches so I always add arch supports.  Very sturdy and water tight with excellent treads for winter.    ","      I wish I could give this less than one star. It fit as expected, so I went on a 3 mile hike to break them in. I was a bit worried but figured I would just need slightly thicker socks. Then I went on a 10 mile hike with thicker socks and they rubbed the back of my heels raw and caused a blister on the top of my foot near my toe. My arches hurt too. I thought these were good enough quality that I could wear them on long hikes, but I'm in so much pain that this is clearly not the case.    ","      Received boot and found that one of the boots had a huge lump under the sole near the ball of my foot.  Loved the boot so I returned the damaged boots asking for another pair.  Received the second pair and one of the boots had the toe are of the sole rolled under and stuck/glued in place.  Returning second pair will not try a third time.    ","      I love these boots!    ","      Como y muy ligero    ","      Reasonable price and nice boot.    ","      Great    ","      Muy buenas botas súper cómodas pedí la misma talla que uso en tenis y me quedaron súper bien si las recomiendo    ","      Great boots. Fits as expected.    ","      I would recommend this product.    ","      It fits just as I expected    ","      They fell apart within 4 days of wearing them. I bought them for a hiking trip to Glacier. We did moderate, relatively flat hikes. After the 3rd day I noticed the rubber on the toe was separating from the shoe. I thought maybe I just tripped and it was my fault. Then I noticed he sides were coming apart from the shoes. Ridiculous. I am so disappointed in columbia.    ","      Great quality    ","      Great product. Great fit. Great price    ","      Worst shoes ever. They feel so uncomfortable and they feel like plastic. I am very disappointed since I thought they would be worth the price but felt like a scam.Do not buy them unless you want to have shoes that you will not use.    ","      Will enjoy hiking in these. Walked around home with them on, just to break them in a little. They are lite in weight and comfortable to wear.    ","      Por comodos    ","      Was looking for nice boot in a women size and style I really like this boot got nice compliments thanks amazon    ","      I bought the shoes to resist the cold condition and snow ground. The shoes are very water-proof but can't  protect from cold. Anyway, they meets my demand.    ","      I wear a size 9 and these are about a size 81/2 easy.    ","      Loved the fit    ","      They quality does not appear to be there.  I specifically ordered from Anazon (vendor) due to reviews of fakes and poor quality.  I checked Colombias site which shows their emblem on the back of the shoe along with other sites.  I believe these are fakes. The inside feels \"light\" like your walking on once layer of shoe with little to no insole.    ","      Me encantaron son muy cómodos para trabajar    ","      Para mi todo bien    ","      UN BUEN Y CÓMODO ARTICULO    ","      good    ","      Foot part fit ok but tongue and collar were too high, rubbed on my ankle.    ","      These are my 3rd pair of Columbia boots. Awesome fit and feel.    ","      Look and fit great    ","      I love my new shoes. They fit perfectly and were so comfortable even the first time I wore them. They are warm and look great. So happy with these shoes.    ","      hiked 3 miles in them the first time I wore them.  Very comfortable and great arch support!    ","      hiked up a 14er in these and my feet felt fine at the end of the day! most comfortable hiking boot I've ever worn!    ","      Good shoes    ","      Very heavy and not very comfortable.  Could not see making a long hike in these boots.  They were returned.    ","      I got these initially and loved them. unfortunately, after walking for a bit i noticed that as my toes bent in my stride the top of the shoe would bend and press down on my toes. After a short while i had to go back home and change because my feet hurt so much. They look great and the support is there, but the comfort is not. I hope that they will fit better for you guys.    ","      Buen producto    ","      Excelentes solo me habría gustado un poquito más acochinado el talón pero no decía que así fueran.    ","      Muy comodas!!  Resisten el agua, pero cuando las tuve que meter por completo, se secaron rápido.    ","      Too small in size, not true to ratings and quality is average, expensive for the type of quality it is.Stiff and not really good quality    ","      Swift delivery, no break-in time, comfortable all around great shoes for hiking around in Colorado. She loves them.    ","      Waterproof for sure! Kept my feet warm in negative temps!    ","      Excellent quality boots    ","      I love my boots, are water resistant and light weight    ","      These were supposed to last a long time and they are ripping from the sides, im really disappointed I thought i would at least have them for a while at least a year, I also noticed early on that if i happened to step in a puddle the water would go in my shoe and wet my socks    ","      I love this shoes! They were perfect for my hiking trip to The Grand Canyon in Arizona!    ","      I love the look of these boots and they were comfortable when I put them on. The first step I took changed my mind. The boot bends on the top of my foot, very uncomfortable. I wanted to live these boots, but they’re going back.    ","      They were great for a couple months, but the bottom sole started coming apart from the top. They fell apart pretty fast.    ","      so far so good!!! fast delivery, alittle discomfort as with any new shoe, great product! thanks aMazon!!!    ","      Great shoe!    ","      Not bad in the comfort department. Some what tight fit but it gave me the support I needed for walking I long period of time.    ","      Perfect fit!    ","      I am very happy with my boots! I spent some time hiking RMNP in Colorado and they were fantastic. I have no complants! Highly recommend!    ","      I bought these for hiking the grand canyon. This past week was miserable in these boots. Rocks somehow kept entering the boot. Very minimal traction. The soles were weak, I felt every footstep, no cushion. Highly disappointed my return window is closed.    ","      Haven't tried them yet but they are nice, well made boots.    ","      Perfect fit.  Very comfortable for outdoor hiking.    ","      Very sturdy and comfortable hiking shoe.    ","      Fit and finish was excellent very comfortable shoes    ","      good    ","      Great    ","      I should have paid attention to the negative reviews. The pair I just bought has the bending-ridge-into-toe issue that a few others reported, only on the right boot. The left boot is fine. The problem was immediately noticeably when walking around the room and I am sure would become painful hiking. I will be returning the pair.    ","      Nice boot, but it runs narrow.  Also, every time you take a step the front creases and digs into the top of your foot.  I tried two different sizes (my normal size 8 and then 8.5) and the crease happened both times.    ","      Love these boots!  I got them a few days ago and they fit well with no break in period. I'm very happy with this purchase.    ","      The most comfortable hiking boots I’ve ever owned!    ","      Amazing pair of booths.    ","      Great shoes, versatile and good coloring.    ","      Great hiking boots! Comfortable and supportive foe long hikes. Plus these are not difficult to clean.    ","      I wanted to love these but the weird toe box caused instant pain. I tried two sizes and it happened with both.    ","      Feels great! Very comfortable!    ","      Wife loves them and I have the matching Men's pair which are also great    ","      Had high hopes for these boots because of all the high reviews. However, every time I took a step the bend of the boot would pinch my toes. I went to REI and invested in some Vasque boots that I am very happy with.    ","      Me llegaron super rápido, la talla fue la que pedí y además son muy bonitas. Super recomendadas.    ","      Love them    ","      Bought these for hiking in the white mountains....they fit perfect....true to size...great traction even on wet rocks....my feet felt great after...and NO new boot blisters :-) buy them...you will luv them    ","      Love these boots comfy, waterproof, durable! I am a landscaper, and I think I have finally found a boot that will stand up to the rigors of abuse!    ","      I bought these for my wife and here's what she sad.....\"I like the product because it is a good fit, they're comfortable and they definitely met my expectations. Highly recommend\".    ","      Worn them twice now and I love the fit and support of the high sides. Also great at keeping the water out!    ","      I ordered 1/2 size larger than my Timberland's, and the boots are uncomfortable.  Not true to size.    ","      Very narrow, but had good cushion in the heel    ","      Perfect shoes! Fit as expected! Thank you    ","      I bought these for a hiking trip and I couldn't believe how light and comfy they are when I received them. I can't wait for all the adventure!    ","      I've only had them a month and they're already falling apart. This really bummed me out. I had my other boots exact type as these for 3 years before they started to fall apart. Also, they are not waterproof. I just missed my return window. Very disappointed in the craftsmanship will not buy againUpdate: it's not been 5 months of owning this boot and the entire side just blew out on them. Do yourself a favor and go with a different boot    ","      Comfortable and light-weight boots. I like them very much.    ","      Great hiking boot. Waterproof, leather, comfortable, easy to clean, heavy duty. What more to ask for?    ","      They are sturdy, well-made and with some care and attention they will last for a very long time making it well worth the money,but a little narrow than expected    ","      Love these.  Lately we've been getting a lot of snow and ice and these are great.  Nice traction and keep my feet warm.    ","      Very comfortable    ","      Gave these as a gift and the recipient loves them. Fit was right on and comfortable enough to wear all day    ","      Comfortable and light    ","      My toes get wet. It was supposed to be water proof.    ","      Didn’t even have them for a week and the lace holder popped off otherwise very comfortable    ","      I got these shoes for hiking with my grandchildren in Colorado. I love the feel as soon as I put them on.    ","      perfect fit, very comfortable, can't wait to try them out!    ","      I read the suggestions and sized up and they fit great!    ","      Perfect    ","      Great fit right out the box. True to size and no break in necessary. They are ready to hike in right away. Nice boot!    ","      I love the feel of these boots since they are warm. They also are comfortable to wear without hurting my feet.    ","      Very light weight, comfortable , they seem like they will wear well.    ","      I would have prefer it to be size 10 wide    ","      Comfortable, never had a blister, light and very good support.    ","        Legit!  ","      Toe crease problem is real. Within just a few steps I felt the boot hitting the top of my toe. Very painful. Will be returning, which is sad because they are cute for a hiking boot.    ","      Love the boots !!! I'm a big hiker and live in Colorado so to have these boots just make me so happy!    ","      my girlfriend love it    ","      Me encantaron estas botas, son ligeras y muy cómodas además de ser estéticas pues son muy bonitas    ","      Comfortable right out of the  box, super light weight!  Will buy again.    ","      Returning    ","      Hiking in Montana for two days in these boots.  No blisters,  no water leakage!    ","      This is my 2nd pair. Comfortable all-day wear.    ","      Fits well, comfortable & lightweight    ","      Perfectas    ","      Fit perfect. They are great for walking.    ","      Unlike Merrell boots that do NOT fit true to size, these Columbia's do. Love the color, and the fit. I have very narrow feet and these weren't too wide or boxy.    ","      Needs a break-in period.  Boots are a bit stiff, but will probably relax eventually.  After first wearing the balls of my feet hurt a bit.    ","      Great boots    ","      returned with no problem at all.    ","      They where cute but way too big.  Traction was Amazing.  Only thing I can tell honestly is Order at least a size down.    ","      great just what I was looking for,    ","      This is an  amazing pair of shoes-fit is excellent comfort is fabulous and they are so perfect for everyday wear.  I will reorder these shoes in future.    ","      Lightweight, cute, hiking boots    ","      Great shoes    ","      They fit perfectly,  and are lightweight but durable.  They are perfect for my work guiding hikes.    ","      Dog made me fall in a creek and I didn't get wet. Love these!    ","      Love them    ","      Comfortable boots    ","      Fits nice. Always a good fit with Columbia.    ","      Love this for hiking all year round.    ","      Since it was ordered by mail , I was a little worried it wont fit .I enjoyed them through our hiking in north greece    ","      I like how it looks and feel. Very happy with my purchase.    ","      fit somewhat small...    ","      Great all around hiking boots. I wear them for both on and off trail hikes. No trouble breaking them in and very comfortable.    ","      Me encantaron, son justo lo que necesitaba.La talla me ajusto genial de acuerdo a la tabla de tamaños.    ","      Finally Found The Perfect Hiking Boot.    ","      It doesn't have enough ankle support but otherwise is comfortable .It is waterproof. It doesn't need breaking in  to wear it .    ","      I love my new hiking boots.    ","      Great shoes.    ","      Tal como esperaba.    ","      Wife says fit great    ","      Love    ","      Love these boots!    ","      Love these hiking boots!!! I can wear them all day with no pain, and they keep my feet warm and dry!!! Thank you    ","      Very comfortable    ","      ready to kick ass!    ","      Love these shoes.  Comfortable and lightweight. Little bit of rubbing on the back of my heel but that should ease up once they get broke in.    ","      Perfectos    ","      Love them!!    ","      jerry just forget it    ","      THey are very sharp and fit well    ","      Good    ","      Disappointed.  Even with heavy hiking socks, these were too big in the size I normally wear.    ","      One of the boots has a security tag onVery unhappy with this issue    ","      You need to get half size bigger    ","      I love these! They're very comfortable.    ","      These boots are a little heavier than I expected, but all around, I think they are what I wanted and needed.    ","      good    ","      These shoes are extremely comfortable    ","      These are my \"go to\" boots for everyday winter days!!  They're so comfortable and light weight!One of my better purchases.......    ","      Great boots. A little snug but some boots are cut smaller than others.    ","      Very comfortable    ","      I love it    ","      👍    ","      Very comfortable and durable    ","      I love these shoes. I spent weekend walking. The shoes look great with jeans, plus are so comfortable.  So glad I purchased.    ","      LOVE, LOVE, LOVE these boots! I highly recommend to anyone looking to buy some hiking boots.    ","      It's so comfortable and I love it. It just runs little small,so go up a half size will be perfect    ","      Best hiking boots ever!    ","      Rubbed the top of my big toes when I walked. So much so my skin was rubbed off!  Right where the shoe bends/creases. I thought maybe they just needed to be broken in but there was no way I could keep wearing them. Nice boots otherwise, to bad, I had to send them back.    ","      good boots. comfortable and keep your feet dry    ","      Muy comodas    ","      Lovely, comfortable , sturdy :)    ","      These boots are great. My daughter went on a week long science trip and had only worn them once before that. She said they were very comfortable, warm and dry.    ","      Great hiking boots. Fit comfortably and truly are water resistant.    ","      Fit perfectly, couldn't be happier! Thank you!    ","      I wanted these to work. They look great, but they pinched my toes severely.  I tried both an 8 (my size) and an 8 1/2. I tried different socks thicknesses . I still ended up with bruises.    ","      Very comfortable and seems to hug your foot but gives you a roomy feel in the toe area.    ","      This is one of the best pair of boots I have ever had, and have worn boots all my life, and I am 74!    ","      awesome hikers light weight sturdy great price    ","      Rather narrow and stiff    ","      Just the hiking boot that I want, comfy, protective. Cool!    ","      Fit great, good waterproofing. Still going strong after 2.5 years    ","      Perfect fit I love them!    ","      Comfortable, lightweight, and good-looking.  Highly recommend.    ","      Pequeñas    ","      The toe box issue is real. Don't ignore the reviews like I did. :(    ","      A la medida, todo excelente    ","      Fit great! Durable    ","      Very comfortable. Fits well. Keeps warm.    ","      nice shoes. very comfortable and perfect for hiking. The quality is excellent.    ","      Super lightweight but still seems nice and durable. I got them for a great price!    ","      My girlfriend loved them!    ","      They aren't meant for climbing, they grip isn't all that good. They chaff your ankles. At first I thought it was because they have high ankles, so I wore high socks, but it still didn't work. I had the worst blisters after a single hike about 5 miles long. Not a good buy.    ","      Love these. Same as the ones I saw at Dick's for less.    ","      Great Boot! Light weight, waterproof comfortable    ","      very nice grip. good for wide feet.    ","      I am very pleased with these hiking boots.  Sizing is good,  Fit is comfortable. They are waterproof and an all around nice boot.    ","      I returned these because the rubber part on the toe rubs on your toes when you bend your foot . Which I was kinda expecting from all the other reviews . I definitely didn't hesitate to return them . No way walking in these are comfortable    ","      Bought for my wife. The fit was perfect. She loves them.    ","      Like everyone else I had the same problem with that crease that forms right above toes only on one shoe and it hurt bad, can't imagine having to put up with that for hours it would be torture. Sent right back    ","      I love everything about these boots, warm, dry and comfortable. There are great for working around our cabin. I have feet problems and they have not hurt my feet yet.    ","      comfortable from day one.    ","      Great shoes    ","      nice    ","      Comfortable, waterproof as advertised.    ","      These boots in my regular size hit the top of my foot where they creased. I thought the leather would stretch over time. Now after using for a few months will have to throw away. :(    ","      The best boots for snow and clod weather I have ever owned. Comfortable and warm, they also work great when I have to put cleats on for icy conditions.    ","      I love the design, but it isn't comfortable and the crease kept rubbing against the nail of my big toe. It killed my feet.    ","      I ordered these new, but I received a used pair.    ","      Boot larger than expected.    ","      I specifically selected this pair because of the blue logo and material on the back of the shoe. However, for my surprise I didn't find that in the pair I received.of the experience.I am totally disappointed by the  experience.    ","      Great boot. Took them out this weekend. The wife fell in love with them. I recommend them for sure. Light weight, waterproof and warm.    ","      These are NOT waterproof boots - I found out the hard way yesterday. Ended a mushroom hunting session with wet socks. Plus the toe pinching when walking is super annoying and disappointing.    ","      Not worth the price. I wear 8.5, but these were too big for me. But the main problem with them is that they are hard on the back and made my legs/muscles/ tendons very sore    ","      I love it thanks    ","      Loooove these boots! So comfortable & stylish for the outdoors :-) Can't wait to go on my hiking trip!    ","      Bend in toe box was really uncomfortable- had to send back ( some reviewers had said this)    ","      Las primera botas de mi esposa, para senderismo y quedó fascinada.    ","      The toe area has an added/separate pc if leather going across the toes. Giving the appearance of steel toe. This seam digs into the toes. Every time you step that seam bends down.  Causing blisters on the top of toes. I have to wear band aides.  Poor design.    ","      Bought these for my daughter, she loves these. She went hiking when the ground was wet and her feet stayed dry. She said they are very comfortable.    ","      Great product! Speedy responses!    ","      Excellent    ","      Very happy with these boots!  Provide good support, are very comfortable, and look good - not bulky at all.    ","      They were comfortable, but the sole fell apart after a few times wearing them; and I wasn't using them for hiking, just every day wear -- taking the dog for a walk down the street.    ","      Nice boots    ","      Sizes run small, great quality.    ","      They are waterproof, I’ll give them that. The grip is absolutely terrible! I’ve slipped twice on a rock, both instances on dry surfaces. These boots are made for flat surfaces. Complete waste of money!    ","      Very good and confortable    ","      These boots keep my feet warm and dry! Exactly what I was looking for and needed. The comfort level is more than I expected. Thank you Columbia!    ","      These boots are amazing! Warm, totally waterproof (I crossed a river and didn't get wet at all). Don't regret spending my money on them.    ","      they fit perfect, I love it. They're confortable, soft and looks nice. More than I expected, I really like my new shoes    ","      Warm, great fit, very comfy.    ","      Están muy padres y cómodos    ","      No breaking period needed.Used it to hike for 8 hours, vertically climbing mostly. Very light and no breaking my feet either.    ","      I am very happy with my boots.I like the color and they fit perfect.Comfortable from the first time I wore them.    ","      These shoes leak    ","      These hiking boots look great, but I had the toe issue that many people had. Even in my right size the boots were uncomfortable when stepping and I could tell I would have gotten blisters.    ","      So comfy and fits great    ","      Returned    ","      I would recommend this product to everyone who like this kind of tennis. Really beautiful and comfortableI also would recommend this store, really good job.    ","      Wonderful fit and comfort from the first day. Good ankle support and stability.  Love these boots.    ","      good price    ","      They are very light weight and comfortable.  I am able to lace them tightly for my narrow foot.    ","      Everything    ","      Great price for a great leather waterproof boot    ","      My daughter has fallen and scraped her knees terribly (twice!) in the one week she has been wearing these.  The metal pieces holding the laces catch on the other boot causing her to fall!    ","      good quality    ","      This is a great looking boot to wear out and about!  Looks dressier than all the other designs.    ","      LOVE! ACTUALLY waterproof and very comfortable. I also love the way they look!    ","      I wear these boots all the me. the way they are made it will last probably the rest of my hiking life    ","      Perfect for rain, hiking, and outdoor activities! I feel super comfortable walking in them, plus they're cute. Definitely a smart buy.    ","      They fit great and really like the color.  They were well worth the purchase and would buy another pair.    ","      I bought a pair of new hiking boots but what I got was a pair of USED hiking boots.    ","      Very comfortable boots, true to size. They fit well even with heavier socks. They are made well and look nice.    ","      Perfect as expected.    ","      Bought these boots 6 months ago and didn't begin wearing them until probably mid August. The soles are already completely falling off and I am unable to wear them. Super bummed ☹️    ","      Super comfy! They're inexpensive compared to other hiking boots I looked at and very cute in person. I recommend these :)    ","      These boots are great. They are pretty narrow but overall a great boot.    ","      Looks great, feels even better. Well constructed. Extremely high quality for the price I paid.    ","      These work great as my new work shoes...  Will order again.    ","      Gift for the wife. She loves them    ","      When walking the boot cut across my toes, where the natural bend is in the front of the shoe when you walk.  I walked across the floor in them and that is as far as I got.    ","      When you walk it folds on toe which is uncomfortable.    ","      Stiff toe box.  Uncomfortable.    ","      I haven't taken these on a hike yet, but they are so comfortable to wear on a rainy day    ","      These hiking shoes arrived full of mold!  Trying to return but barcode Will not register with the UPS store as Instructed.    ","      waterproof and comfortable!    ","      I love them.....great fit, comfortable and warmmmmmmmmm. Lived up to the description on Amazon. Also not bad looking for a winter boot    ","      Muy buena calidad    ","      It fits for a size 9w or if you like extra socks on your feet.    ","      Comfortable boot, water resistant. Fits like they're supposed to. Arrived within timeframe given. All around a good boot. A very happy customer    ","      Love my new boots! They fit well and I am breaking them in.Look just like the picture. Happy with them.    ","      Just listen to everyone elses review. Did an 8 mile hike in them, and was struggling. I had blisters on the TOP of my toes.    ","      These are my favorite pair of boots ever.    ","      The foot is very comfortable, and the waterproof function, always want to such shoes! so I will pay attention to the brand other shoes    ","      I wear these to work and stand about 8-10 hours in them and my feet dont hurt. Best shoe ever!    ","      Comfortable fit and love the color. Great price too!!!!!    ","      Very comfortable and they have proven they are water proof. I would highly recommend them. They support your ankle well.    ","      this is a great shoes,so comfortable.so portable.and its very cheap.I like it.next time I will buy more.about 15days Arrived in    ","      Look great and comfortable! Like all hiking boots, you have to break them in. But that was no problem with these.    ","      This shoe was not as described at all.  It caused my feet to swell and they were very uncomfortable.  I will never recommend you to anyone.  And its way too late for a return    ","      I’ve had them for a few months now and I don’t wear them anymore because your feet will get really hot    ","      Great fit, beautiful shoes. Loved them    ","      Exactly as described, very light boot. Nice leather finish. I would recommend, it makes my feet look small, very feminine.    ","      They fit great these are my second pair just in different color they are durable boots    ","      my third pair of these over the years.  fit like a glove!    ","      very comfy right from the start. good fit. would recommend buying these boots, will work for hiking or even casual use    ","      In sorry, but the material looked cheap.  They were just not comfortable.    ","      It's a very good comfortable show at a good price!! Great for hiking or just wearing as casual. A must have.    ","      Very comfortable.    ","      Wore in the pooring rain and feet stayed totally dry. Very comfortable too. I almost forgot I was even wearing shoes.    ","      LOVE these boots.  Comfortable, water proof and warm.  Perfect for the snowy, winter weather.    ","      Uncomfortable.    ","      Look great and feel great!  They have a lot of support for my ankles.  For the price, these boots are fantastic!    ","      They were great looking boots and fit really well. I love them and will order again in the future.    ","      The size and delivery schedule all fit our requirements. Perfect.    ","      My wife loved this boot and I think it's a great product. I recommend for everyone. It is waterproof boot. we confirmed it.    ","      My wife really loves the shoes. Very comfortable.    ","      These are the greatest boots every. I have a pair of summer boots almost the same style. My pair of new boots fit wonderfully.    ","      Very tight, rubs against ankles- worn them hiking several times and they are not comfortable- wouldn't purchase them again-    ","      The foot hurts.    ","      No problems encountered. Very comfortable boots.    ","      Two thumbs up!    ","      Waterproof, sturdy boots. Has held up great!    ","      good bots  the are great to hike in.  great service    ","      Super comfortable. Warm. Dry. Love them! I even like the style and color. Highly recommended. Great for hiking and snow    ","      Great hiking boots! Supports my ankles without chocking the top of my foot. Great during the trails in the water.    ","      Creases in the toe causing it to rub on my toes which hurt a lot. Do not buy for hiking more than 2 miles    ","      wonderful , boot and love walking in them at the park.  The comfort is good also.    ","      I wore these hiking shoes TWO times before I had one of the shoe lace inserts fall off. Very disappointed in the quality of these shoes.    ","      Very good fit. Like the boots    ","      Fits well, comfortable, and waterproof!    ","      Perfect    ","      Comfortable from the very beginning.    ","      I thought the shoe was very good but also the service from Amazon was excellent.    ","      lightweight.... great. sturdy. did wish it wrapped around the ankle a bit more. great condition. all columbia stuff rock. i recommend this    ","      I am very satisfied with these hiking boots.  They are very comfortable and serve my purposes.  In addition, the price was very reasonable.  I would highly recommend these boots to all my friends.    ","      Great boots for the money.    ","      Bought these for my wife. Great for hiking and outdoor activities.  Very good price.    ","      Love these boots.    ","      Great!, I would buy them a million times again.    ","      Really like my shoes!    ","      Love them. Fits perfect!    ","      great boots!  fits true to size, quality material, just as described - would def. recommend!    ","      I loved them!    ","      I like the way they fit.Theyare comfortable. I'm pleased with them.    ","      These boots have been great for hiking and wearing around. They are comfortable and classy.    ","      Love these boots. They fit me perfectly and the traction really grabs.    ","      My granddaughter loves these boots!    ","      Great show-lightweight and fits as described. Bought a pair for each daughter, too.    ","      first pair of hiking boots. really comfy and well made! so far i like em!    ","      Excellent!!    ","      Same toe issue as all the other reviews, fit great until you start walking, then it gets painful due to the crease in the toes    ","      Love them    ","      Not good price !    ","      I should probably wear them in first, but I like the look and fit of the boot. No complaints yet.    ","      Fit great and look nice; overall great purchase    ","      Great shoes!    ","      My GF loves these boots for hiking. Her size wa ssame as tennis shoe.    ","      Great price! I highly recommend this brand.    ","      Beautiful boots! Very comfortable, beautiful design and durable materials. Great buy!    ","      So comfortable!! Love love them best fitting I've ever had.    ","      I am enjoying my Columbia Women's Newton Ridge plus hiking boots.  These boots are very comfortable.  Nice looking boot also.    ","      These boots are not lightweight or comfortable. Returned.    ","      Love the boots.  Everything and more than I expected.  Very comfortable.    ","      Stiff and really painful in my toes...    ","      the product was for my mom... she is very happy    ","      good product    ","      the shoe strings keep coming off.  it's really inconvenient.  also not breathable    ","      These boots are super uncomfortable. The toe box has some serious pinch and I my foot slides around in the boot, even though my toe is almost at the front.    ","      I bought these for my wife, and she loves them.    ","      Fits nice, looks good, able to walk through wood/first area now.    ","      great walking shoe.    ","      I loved  these hiking shoes but after only wearing them a few times the top grommet came off the shoe.  Very disappointed.    ","      Ottima scarpa, sia per il trekking che per la città (quando fa freddo o per camminare sulla neve è fantastica): purtroppo la misura che ho ordinato era troppo piccola    ","      nice    ","      Returned. Too small.    ","      As described.    ","      Just as some others said. Looks like a solid shoe in the pic but this is a cheap, poorly made boot. Not a solid hiker at all. The toe thing - yes it bends and rubs... because its CHEAPLY MADE. Not recommended. Not what I expected from a Columbia product. Sent back right away.    ","      beautiful boots, comfortable and sheltered    ","      It's not even been a month I bought these pair of shoes and the pasting has already started to fall off....didn't expect this poor quality show from Columbia and Amazon....highly disappointed!    ","      Easily gets wet rubber cameUndone    ","      Great winter hiking boots. Rain resistance as well.    ","      I love these boots.  It's my 6th pair.    ","      They fit great in length and width, but with every step the leather at the toe creased and pressed on my foot. It was not at all comfortable.    ","      Very comfortable and sturdy    ","      The perfect hiking shoes for a person who doesn't hike a lot!!!    ","      Se muestra que fue entregado y yo no recibí nada, necesito que me lo busquen donde esta    ","      Uncomfortable to walk.    ","      I really loved these boots overall but when walking the crease in the toe box would pinch and it was very uncomfortable so had to return unfortunately.    ","      Great shoes for day hikes!    ","      It was a gift for my mom! Perfect fit.    ","      Fit great, cold and slush resistant ...arrived in perfect time    ","      Bought these for my wife and she loves them.    ","      Very narrow shoes, tight on top of feet by toes.  Uncomfortable.  I've never purchased shoes over the internet before and I should have stuck to what works best.    ","      Very comfortable. Great support all around.    ","      Worst pair of the boots I've ever had. My feet were wet and very cold on the first day! Very narrow fit.I'm very disappointed...definitely should not be called waterproof!    ","      Terrible for hiking in...can feel rocks and Roots way to easily...only good to wear casualy , but not in the woods!!!!    ","      I got these at an awesome deal. so happy with my purchase    ","      Great for walks in the park or in the woods.    ","      Love them. They fit perfect and they're comfortable    ","      Tested in the Amazons. Excellent.    ","      It fits well! Also shipped fast. I love it:D    ","      Really great shoes! It's definitely worth the money!    ","      Sooooooo comfortable on long hikes!    ","      true to size , comfy    ","      Not built very good.    ","      Not comfortable at all. I send it back and I asked for refund but I didn't get it yet.    ","      Had to return - the toe box creased at an odd location and rubbed into the top of my toes. Disappointing as I really liked the look and general fit of these.    ","      Extremely uncomfortable,  toebox issues, hard even with additional insert, not good for extended use. Very disappointed.    ","      Really nice shoes, stronge and confortable    ","      Perfect hiking boots    ","      Muy pesados    ","      all ok!    ","      Great hiking boots!    ","      Fits amazingly    ","      great sturdy hiking boots    ","      I love my boots!    ","      comfy, and durable !!    ","      gift    ","      Great quality    ","      Nice comfortable pair of boots    ","      very stiff    ","      Listen to the reviews about the painful toe box on this shoe! I didnt and had to return.    ","      Great boots. Love them.    ","      Best shoe ever bought!!!    ","      Terribly uncomfortable. Wore for hiking in Banff and could not even walk after the first day of wearing them. Blisters on sides, top and bottom of my feet.  Terrible shoes.    ","      I like it    ","      A++    ","      Very uncomfortable. No support - no cushion when walking. I'd give these boots zeros stars if it were an option.    ","      Not water proof.  Feet sweat terribly in them.    ","      Very comfortable, I would recommend them.    ","      I love them!    ","      Very good    ","      these are just the thing.    ","      Me encantó y mucha formalidad    ","      Great shoes for hiking    ","      Love 'em.    ","      very comfortable for walking and hiking    ","      So cute!! And water proof    ","      Great shoes!!!!!!!!!!!!    ","      Great! Love it.    ","      A beatifull boots and the service was good    ","      extremely uncomfortable, my ankles and toes bruised up at the end of every hike. The fit is weird, if you have skinny feet like me, your feet would be swimming in this but your ankle and toes would be crushed.    ","      Shoe dug into ankle could not wear them while hiking out west which was the whole point of purchase.    ","      I love this model, and it's confortable~~    ","      They're so great and comfortable    ","      love them    ","      exellent .. thanks    ","      Look good, and fit good.    ","      really good    ","      Comfortable on long hikes.    ","      Amazing!    ","      EXCELLENT    ","      Excelent i love it    ","      Fits great!!    ","      Love it!!!    ","      Lo devolví porque se veían usadas. El uso se veía en la suela y plantilla… adicional a que tenían un olor raro como a menta.    ","      Product tore up pretty quickly. Had a month and already have a hold in one!    ","      Great boots!! Very stylish and comfy!!!    ","      very good... i love them    ","      gave them away    ","      Very comfortable boots!!    ","      OK but seem very stiff and less comfy than merrell ones.    ","      excellent thanks you    ","      Hurt my feet    ","      Very comfortable shoes    ","      good... its recommended    ","      Quality excellent but fit not right. Returned    ","      Not waterproof    ","      I return these boots!    ","      Se resbalan mucho en piso humedo    ","      No he obtenido mi reembolso    ","      Very comfortable    ","      Love them    ","      Despite ordering 1.5 size up still too small & heavy for hiking    ","      perfect    ","      Very uncomfortable!    ","      Perfect    ","      excellent    ","      good    ","      Exelent    ","      Sizing was a little weird    ","      Not water proof Too hard    ","      The toe seam is in a really bad spot. Rubs wrong. Will be returning.    ","      These were an exchange because my first pair ordered in my regular size were too short.  Ordered 1/2 size larger which were too long.Sizing was difficult    ","      Large and stiff.  Returned them.    ","      Didn't like the fit. Returned them. Not comfortable at all.    ","      These boots are not waterproof.    ","      Way to big I be triping over there.    ","      These boots combined a strongly made, robust exterior with the comfort required for long periods of walking/wear.They fit very well and are standing up well to the rigors of frequent wear.They do clean fairly well and the soles give the required amount of grip, whilst 'encasing' the ankles to good effect - providing the support needed.    ","      Excellent boots tha are sturdy, well-made, and are as good as new even after two or three months of quite heavy use. Durable and comfortable.    ","      These boots are very good looking. Sizing is true. They are light weight and very comfortable. They grip my feet very well which make them handy and more comfortable for.long hikes. The sole provides very good friction and thus firm grip on the ground.I have tried them on few hours of hiking on wet grounds (after rain) and also on normal walks. I'm very happy with them.I do not see any cons!Price at the time of writing this review is £58 which to me is very good price.I happily recommend these boots    ","      No llego    ","      Good solid walking boots that will be ideal for bad weather. Rugged soles for good grip. Size 5 was a perfect fit. Felt comfortable to wear. Nice shade of dark brown.NOTE: She says she doesn’t wear brown shoes at all. So for her to wear these is mildly notable so the darkness is sufficient that they are not outright brown.    ","      Me encantaron! Las volvería a comprar. Lo más cómodo! pude caminar y caminar con ellas sin la más mínima molestia desde el día uno! Muy recomendables y en comparación con otros productos similares a muy buen precio.    ","      Best hiking boots ever! These are pretty comfortable despite having limited arch support. I've walked through grass, forests, beaches, and mud in these and they are so durable and waterproof. I am very pleased with these boots and they exceed my exprxtations!    ","      Very cushioned and comfortable, look forward to trying them for hiking    ","      Very good feeling, but unfortunately they are too narrow.    ","        Voor tweede keer besteld en betaald, weer niet goed!  ","        Andere Columbia schoenen die ik heb passen me allemaal goed, of zijn zelfs wat aan de grote kant.  Deze schoenen zijn echter een stuk smaller. Bestel dus minstens een maat groter dan je gewend bent bij Columbia schoenen. Dus heb je maat 43 met Columbia, Timberland, PME Adidas, Puma, Nike of NB, bestel dan maat 44.De schoenen zijn netjes afgewerkt en zien er goed en degelijk uit. Goed profiel, en niet te harde zool, dus goede grip.Het enige negatieve is dus de maat. Misschien ben ik erg streng door 2 sterren af te trekken. Echter Columbia schoenen vallen normaal ruim en zijn bij uitstek geschikt voor mensen met brede voeten. Deze schoenen vallen klein en zijn zo smal, dat ze naar mijn mening niet geschikt zijn voor mensen met wat bredere voeten zoals ik. Je krijgt dus niet wat je verwacht. Jammer, want de prijs-kwaliteit verhouding van deze schoenen is heel erg goed.  ","        Goeie pasvorm, stevige zolen, waterdicht.  ","        Te klein bij de neus en te smal! Een wandelschoen moet juist ruim zijn, deze is nog kleiner dan een normale schoen. Verkoop mensen alstublieft geen verkeerde maat online, nu moet deze terug naar Duitsland met een zelfgeprinte bon! (Maat 40)Too small and too narrow! A hiking shoe should be large, this one is smaller than a normal shoe. Please do not sell people wrong sizes online, now it has to be sent to Germany with a self printed label! (Size 40)  ","      Se han estrenado el primer día caminando por la ciudad y ese no es su territorio.Ese día con un calcetín que no era técnico el pie sudaba y la suela efectivamente no se adhiere bien a los caminos de la ciudad, aceras pulidas y otro tipo de suelos urbanos.Segundo día en su territorio de montaña.¡Una auténtica maravilla!Columbia y montaña son la pareja ideal.Importante llevar un calcetín técnico transpirable y el pie estará seco y cómodo todo el trayecto.La zapatilla transpira bien y su nivel de resistencia al agua es perfecto también.Se agarran al terreno empedrado a la perfección.Es MUY importante con estas y con cualquier zapatilla, ajustar debidamente la misma al pie. Cordones bien ceñidos para disfrutar de la firmeza correcta.En resumen. Muy contento.¡No olvide elegir el calcetín correcto!    ","      Me preocupaba el desconcertante tema de las tallas. Unos dicen que tallan grande, otros que tallan como habitual, unos pocos que son pequeñas. En fin leer las reseñas para orientarse es una lotería.Por si sirve de algo: en mi caso suelo usar el 42 pero visto que otras Columbia similares me quedaban ligeramente justas he pedido un 42,5 y éstas me quedan bien.Del resto decir que tienen buena pinta los acabados y que supongo que la impermeabilidad (Omni tech) durará poco ya que es bastante inferior a la membrana Out dry de Columbia más cara    ","      Compré un par para probarlos y al probarlos decidí comprar otro par para guardarlos para más adelante, porque la relación calidad/ precio es excelente. Finalmente me he quedado sin ninguno ya que mi hijo y mi hija se los han quedado y los han estado utilizando en las vacaciones que estuvo lloviendo y estábamos caminando todo el día por la calle. Me voy a pedir otro par para mi de la misma marca, aunque cambiaré de modelo para comparar.    ","      He tenido muchas marcas y modelos de zapatos de monte y los he usado tanto para senderismo como calzado diario y para el trabajo. Mis experiencias han sido diversas, pero he comprobado que no me acaban durando más de un año. Antes o después se rompen por la zona de flexión o acaban con la suela lisa o con agujeros en la puntera o con las plantillas deshechas. Por eso he decidido no volver a gastarme 100 o 150€ como he hecho con otras marcas y modelos.Cuando se rompieron mis anteriores North Face, busqué por Amazon y di con estas Columbia, a un precio muy razonable y buenas críticas. Hoy me han llegado y me han sorprendido para bien. Se las ve muy bien acabadas y de estética son bastante discretas para un uso diario. El tallaje es perfecto: un 43 me queda exactamente igual que otras zapatillas que he tenido. El marrón es algo más oscuro que en las fotos. Tienen unas formas algo contorneadas, que hace que se acoplen como un guante al pie. Eso da una sensación de calce muy cómodo. La pisada también se nota natural y los zapatos se sienten ligeros. La suela también tiene buena pinta.Ya veremos con los días y a ver qué tal aguantan el paso del tiempo, y también como se comportan en zona agreste, en piso mojado y al meter los pies en el agua. De momento, muy contento con la compra. Con que me duren con uso diario unos 8 meses ya me daré por satisfecho.    ","      Bonjour 🖖,Voici une excellente paire de chaussures de marche/randonnée mais aussi au quotidien.Le contenu du packaging :➡️ 1 paire de chaussures taille 42,5Les ✅ du produit :✔️ Au premier abord en les mettant, je me suis dit \"elles sont rigides, elles ne vont pas être confortables\". Je me trompais lourdement. Elles ont d'un confort, j'ai rarement eu ça aux pieds.✔️ Je pèse plus de 100 kg, le confort et l'amorti sont essentiels pour moi, j'ai trouvé ici mon bonheur tout au long de la journée. Je suis comme des chaussons.✔️ Elles sont de très bonne qualité et bien solides, elles m'ont été chaudement recommandées et je ne regrette absolument pas mon achat.✔️ Très bonne accroche grâce à la forme des semelles en-dessous, parfait pour marcher ou en randonnée.✔️ Bonne imperméabilisation, pieds bien à l'abri.✔️ Système de lacets efficace.✔️ J'aime beaucoup le look noir assez sobre et plutôt passe-partout.✔️ Elles sont assez légères, pas fatigantes en fin de journée.Les ⛔ du produit :❌ Seul défaut inhérent à la semelle en-dessous, elles ramassent la terre et quand elle sèche en risque d'en mettre partout💬 En conclusion : super chaussures, je ne peux que recommander pour marcher, travailler, au qotidien pour pour des activités de marche.💡 Produit commenté le 04/12/2022 📆 au prix de 60,00 € au moment où je les ai achetées en promotion 💰.🎅 😺 LoloSasa 🎮 🎄    ","      Ich habe die Columbia Woodburn 2 Waterproof Wanderschuhe für Herren getestet und finde die  Qualität gut.Das Obermaterial aus Leder und Mesh sorgt für Atmungsaktivität und Stabilität, während die wasserdichte Technologie sicherstellt, dass meine Füße auch bei Regen trocken bleiben.Ich habe diese Schuhe auf mehreren Wanderungen mit dem Hund (also bei jedem Wetter) getragen, und sie haben meinen Füßen immer den nötigen Schutz und Komfort geboten.Die Schuhe haben auch eine hervorragende Traktion auf verschiedenen Oberflächen, was bei steilen und unebenen Wegen besonders wichtig ist.Die Zwischensohle bietet eine angenehme Dämpfung und Unterstützung, so dass ich auch bei längeren Wanderungen keine Ermüdung spüre.Das Design der Schuhe ist auch sehr ansprechend. Ich habe die braune Farbvariante gewählt, und sie passen gut zu verschiedenen Outfits und Wanderkleidung.Insgesamt kann ich die Columbia Woodburn 2 Waterproof Wanderschuhe für Herren nur empfehlen. Sie sind bequem, stabil, wasserdicht und bieten hervorragende Traktion auf verschiedenen Oberflächen.    ","      Le ho trovate più eleganti cambiando il colore dei lacci    ","      Bella da vedere, può andare per tutti i giorni e anche per cose un poco più impegnative, mi sento di consigliare, ma non per camminate impegnative, per la misura fidatevi della tabella.    ","      Belle, comode e molto resistenti.Sono andato sul sicuro acquistando le Columbia Woodburn 2 perché possiedo da 3 anni le Columbia Woodburn e siccome le ho usate per mare montagna, boschi, con pioggia , fango camminate insomma ovunque senza preoccuparmene e dalle foto che ho inserito sono ancora perfette!Certo hanno preso ormai la forma del piede e questo fa capire che sono robustissime.ma non cè stato ambiente in cui non le ho usate.Il numero 42 è perfetto leggermente piu lunghe dell’alluce non creano dolore se indossate per ore.Infatti ho acquistato questo secondo modello ed anche le Wildone Tigertooth.Fidatevi sono strepitose!Se su questo prodotto dovessi riscontrare delle problematiche in futuro, aggiornerò la recensione.Se avete domande non commentate sotto la recensione, non si ha più la possibilità di avere una notifica, fatelo in Domande e risposte dei clienti.    ","      Es un buen calzado para salir al monte o darle vida en la ciudad los días de lluvia, cumplen con su cometido. Estéticamente son un acierto, aunque hay que tener algo muy presente, son de tallaje un pelín grande, si vendieran medios números, por ejemplo un 45,5 o un 42,5 creo que serían la compra perfecta. Va a depender de qué tipo de pie tengas.    ","      I now have 3 pairs of these. I find they are comfortable from the first time I put them on. They are a little initially a little close fitting but very quickly become extremely comfortable to wear all day. Definitely for colder weather as your feet will sweat if warm in warmer climates. Have worn these in wet winter conditions and my feet have stayed dry. Don’t expect the tread to last more than a few months if worn regularly but at this price point I’m happy with that.    ","      Las compré de oferta flash por 60 euros (la marrón), con lo que todavía más contento con la compra. Son muy cómodas y tienen muy buena pinta en cuestión de resistencia. Las uso para senderismo y para bicicleta cuando no uso los pedales automáticos.    ","      These shoes are the most comfortable shoes I have ever had and they look good at a fairly cheap price.The shoes seem to be water resistant but not completely waterproof but they are fine for walking in the rainor on wet grass.The build quality is good and they don't seem to be wearing out very fast.    ","      Auf der Suche  nach einem guten Schuh, der auch mal nass werden darf in der kälteren Jahreszeit bin ich auf diesen Schuh gestoßen.Nachdem ich länger überlegt habe wegen dem Preis habe ich mich dann doch dazu durchgerungen es mal zu versuchen. Aber nachdem ich diese Schuhe auch bei Wanderausflügen getragen habe und keine nassen Füße bekam, weder durch Schweiß noch durch nasses Laub etc, bin ich froh darüber diese Schuhe gekauft zu haben.Auch punkto Putzen sind sie recht pflegeleicht durch das glatte Leder.All in all kann ich die Schuhe mit ruhigem Gewissen weiterempfehlen.    ","      I have been following this product for a long time. I was finally able to buy it. The shoes are exactly what I expected. It's perfect for my feet. It's a perfect product. It just took a long time for the product to reach me. Other than that I am satisfied.Thanks    "]